Teams/get-started-with-teams-quick-start.md, before:

---
title: Get started with Microsoft Teams
author: LolaJacobsen
ms.author: lolaj
manager: serdars
ms.date: 01/28/2019
ms.topic: article
ms.service: msteams
ms.reviewer: lolaj
description: Get started with Microsoft Teams by rolling out your first teams and channels so you can build your experience with Teams before you deploy widely across your organization.  
localization_priority: Priority
search.appverid: MET150
MS.collection: 
- Teams_ITAdmin_Help
- M365-collaboration
appliesto: 
- Microsoft Teams
---

# Get started with Microsoft Teams

To get started quickly on Teams, we recommend you create two or three teams and channels for a select group of early adopters. By first rolling out Teams on a small scale, you'll learn Teams by using Teams and gain valuable insights to inform how you deploy Teams across your whole organization. If you're a small business, this Quick start guide is all you need to roll out Teams to your whole organization.


Teams lets you quickly pull together a team with people inside and outside your organization, chat with others to drive fast and inclusive conversations, securely share and coauthor documents, and iterate on projects. Customize Teams by adding fingertip access to shared notes, webpages, and apps. Use meetings and calling to collaborate in real time from wherever users are. Teams will simplify your access to Office 365 services and  third-party apps to be the new center of gravity for your collaboration and communication needs. Encourage your early adopters to install both the desktop and mobile applications for the best experience and most accurate feedback.

![Screen shot showing the desktop and mobile client user interfaces](media/get-started-microsoft-teams.png "Screen shot showing the Teams desktop client and mobile client user interface" ) 

Here's how to roll out your first set of teams and channels so your early adopters can start chatting, sharing files, and collaborating.

- Step 1: [Create your first teams and channels](get-started-with-teams-create-your-first-teams-and-channels.md)
- Step 2: [Onboard early adopters](get-started-with-teams-onboard-early-adopters.md)
- Step 3: [Monitor usage and feedback](get-started-with-teams-monitor-usage-and-feedback.md)
- Step 4: [Get resources to plan your organization-wide rollout](get-started-with-teams-resources-for-org-wide-rollout.md)

If you're a large organization, have a hybrid or on-premises Skype for Business configuration, have strict regulatory or compliance requirements, or if you want to roll out meetings or voice features (such as calling plans or phone system), start by reading [How to roll out Teams](how-to-roll-out-teams.md). We recommend you still begin with this **Get started** section to build your skills and start planning your org-wide deployment. "Plan Teams with Teams." Start small by rolling out Teams with chat, teams, channels, & apps and build from there. These initial experiences will help you spread the word about Teams, generating excitement throughout the organization for your next launch phase. 

If you're a small business, you may be able to use this Get started guidance to fully roll out Teams in your organization. Small businesses might not need to do a phased Teams deployment.

## Before you get started

Before you get started, you'll want to plan for your Teams rollout by reviewing the following:

- [Check your environment's readiness for Teams](environment-readiness.md)
- [Prepare your organization's network for Teams](prepare-network.md)
- [Learn about the benefits of installing the desktop, web, and mobile clients](get-clients.md)

You'll also need to make sure you've got Teams licenses for everybody. Check out [Compare Teams plans](https://products.office.com/microsoft-teams/free) and [Office 365 licensing for Teams](office-365-licensing.md). 



## Next steps
Go to [Create your first teams and channels](get-started-with-teams-create-your-first-teams-and-channels.md).

Learn more with our interactive [Teams Adoption Guide](https://aka.ms/teamstoolkit).

Commit message:

Adds link to SMB templates.

Teams/get-started-with-teams-quick-start.md, after:

---
title: Get started with Microsoft Teams
author: LolaJacobsen
ms.author: lolaj
manager: serdars
ms.date: 01/28/2019
ms.topic: article
ms.service: msteams
ms.reviewer: lolaj
description: Get started with Microsoft Teams by rolling out your first teams and channels so you can build your experience with Teams before you deploy widely across your organization.  
localization_priority: Priority
search.appverid: MET150
MS.collection: 
- Teams_ITAdmin_Help
- M365-collaboration
appliesto: 
- Microsoft Teams
---

# Get started with Microsoft Teams

To get started quickly on Teams, we recommend you create two or three teams and channels for a select group of early adopters. By first rolling out Teams on a small scale, you'll learn Teams by using Teams and gain valuable insights to inform how you deploy Teams across your whole organization. If you're a small business, this Quick start guide is all you need to roll out Teams to your whole organization.


Teams lets you quickly pull together a team with people inside and outside your organization, chat with others to drive fast and inclusive conversations, securely share and coauthor documents, and iterate on projects. Customize Teams by adding fingertip access to shared notes, webpages, and apps. Use meetings and calling to collaborate in real time from wherever users are. Teams will simplify your access to Office 365 services and  third-party apps to be the new center of gravity for your collaboration and communication needs. Encourage your early adopters to install both the desktop and mobile applications for the best experience and most accurate feedback.

![Screen shot showing the desktop and mobile client user interfaces](media/get-started-microsoft-teams.png "Screen shot showing the Teams desktop client and mobile client user interface" ) 

Here's how to roll out your first set of teams and channels so your early adopters can start chatting, sharing files, and collaborating.

- Step 1: [Create your first teams and channels](get-started-with-teams-create-your-first-teams-and-channels.md)
- Step 2: [Onboard early adopters](get-started-with-teams-onboard-early-adopters.md)
- Step 3: [Monitor usage and feedback](get-started-with-teams-monitor-usage-and-feedback.md)
- Step 4: [Get resources to plan your organization-wide rollout](get-started-with-teams-resources-for-org-wide-rollout.md)

If you're a large organization, have a hybrid or on-premises Skype for Business configuration, have strict regulatory or compliance requirements, or if you want to roll out meetings or voice features (such as calling plans or phone system), start by reading [How to roll out Teams](how-to-roll-out-teams.md). We recommend you still begin with this **Get started** section to build your skills and start planning your org-wide deployment. "Plan Teams with Teams." Start small by rolling out Teams with chat, teams, channels, & apps and build from there. These initial experiences will help you spread the word about Teams, generating excitement throughout the organization for your next launch phase. 

If you're a small business, you may be able to use this Get started guidance to fully roll out Teams in your organization. Small businesses might not need to do a phased Teams deployment. Be sure to check out the templates that are available specifically for small business to make deployment in your organization easier and more streamlined, see [Get started with Teams templates for Small and Medium Businesses](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/smb-templates).

## Before you get started

Before you get started, you'll want to plan for your Teams rollout by reviewing the following:

- [Check your environment's readiness for Teams](environment-readiness.md)
- [Prepare your organization's network for Teams](prepare-network.md)
- [Learn about the benefits of installing the desktop, web, and mobile clients](get-clients.md)

You'll also need to make sure you've got Teams licenses for everybody. Check out [Compare Teams plans](https://products.office.com/microsoft-teams/free) and [Office 365 licensing for Teams](office-365-licensing.md). 



## Next steps
Go to [Create your first teams and channels](get-started-with-teams-create-your-first-teams-and-channels.md).

Learn more with our interactive [Teams Adoption Guide](https://aka.ms/teamstoolkit).
