Teams/manage-resource-accounts.md, before:

---
title: "Manage resource accounts in Teams"
ms.author: jambirk
author: jambirk
manager: serdars
ms.reviewer: jastark, wasseemh
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt.pltfrm: cloud
ms.service: msteams
search.appverid: MET150
ms.collection: 
- Teams_ITAdmin_Help
- M365-voice
audience: Admin
appliesto:
- Microsoft Teams
localization_priority: Normal
f1keywords:
- ms.teamsadmincenter.orgwidesettings.resourceaccounts.overview
description: "Learn about managing resource accounts in Microsoft Teams"
---

# Manage resource accounts in Microsoft Teams

A resource account is also known as a disabled user object in Azure Active Directory, and can be used to represent resources in general. In Exchange it might be used to represent conference rooms, for example, and allow them to have a phone number. A resource account can be homed in Microsoft 365 or on premises using Skype for Business Server 2019.

In Microsoft Teams or Skype for Business Online, each call queue or auto attendant is required to have an associated resource account. Whether a resource account needs an assigned phone number will depend on the intended use of the associated call queue or auto attendant. Refer to the articles on call queues and auto attendants linked at the bottom of this article before assigning a phone number to a resource account.

> [!NOTE]
> This article applies to both Microsoft Teams and Skype for Business Online. For resource accounts homed on Skype for Business Server 2019, see [Configure resource accounts](/SkypeForBusiness/hybrid/configure-onprem-ra).

## Overview

If your Phone System service will need a service number, the various dependencies can be met in the following sequence:

1. Obtain a service number
2. Buy a Phone System license (Office 365 Enterprise E1 or E3 with Phone System added, or Office 365 Enterprise E5 which includes Phone System)
3. Create the resource account. An auto attendant or call queue is required to have an associated resource account.
4. Assign the Phone System license to the resource account.
5. Assign a phone number to the resource account.
6. Create a Phone System service (a call queue or auto attendant)
7. Associate the resource account with a service: (New-CsApplicationInstanceAssociation)

If the auto attendant or call queue is nested under a top level auto attendant, the associated resource account only needs a phone number if you want multiple points of entry into the structure of auto attendants and call queues.

To redirect calls to people in your organization who are homed Online, they must have a **Phone System** license and be enabled for Enterprise Voice or have Office 365 Calling Plans. See [Assign Microsoft Teams licenses](assign-teams-licenses.md). To enable them for Enterprise Voice, you can use Windows PowerShell. For example run:  `Set-CsUser -identity "Amos Marble" -EnterpriseVoiceEnabled $true`

If the Phone system service you're creating will be nested and will not need a phone number, the process is:

1. Create the resource account  
2. Create a Phone System service
3. Associate the resource account with a Phone System service

### Create a resource account with a phone number

Creating a resource account that uses a phone number would require performing the following tasks in the following order:

1. Port or get a toll or toll-free service number. The number can't be assigned to any other voice services or resource accounts.

   Before you assign a phone number to a resource account, you will need to get or port your existing toll or toll-free service numbers. After you get the toll or toll-free service phone numbers, they will show up in **Microsoft Teams admin center** > **Voice** > **Phone numbers**, and the **Number type** listed will be listed as **Service - Toll-Free**. To get your service numbers, see [Getting service phone numbers](getting-service-phone-numbers.md) or if you want to transfer an existing service number, see [Transfer phone numbers to Office 365](transfer-phone-numbers-to-office-365.md).

2. Buy a Phone System license. See:  
   - [Office 365 Enterprise E1 and E3](teams-add-on-licensing/office-365-enterprise-e1-e3.md)
   - [Office 365 Enterprise E5](teams-add-on-licensing/office-365-enterprise-e5-with-audio-conferencing.md)
   - [Office 365 Enterprise E5 Business Software](https://products.office.com/business/office-365-enterprise-e5-business-software)

3. Create a new resource account. See [Create a resource account in Microsoft Teams admin center](#create-a-resource-account-in-microsoft-teams-admin-center) or [Create a resource account in Powershell](#create-a-resource-account-in-powershell)
4. Assign the Phone System license to the resource account. See [Assign Microsoft Teams licenses](assign-teams-licenses.md) and [Assign licenses to one user](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/admin/subscriptions-and-billing/assign-licenses-to-users?redirectSourcePath=%252farticle%252f997596b5-4173-4627-b915-36abac6786dc&view=o365-worldwide#assign-licenses-to-one-user).
5. Assign the service number to the resource account. See [Assign/Unassign phone numbers and services](#assignunassign-phone-numbers-and-services).
6. Set up one of the following:
   - [Cloud auto attendant](create-a-phone-system-auto-attendant.md)
   - [Cloud call queue](create-a-phone-system-call-queue.md)
7. Assign the resource account to the service. See [Assign/Unassign phone numbers and services](#assignunassign-phone-numbers-and-services)

### Create a resource account without a phone number

Creating a resource account that does not need a phone number would require performing the following tasks in the following order:

1. Create a new resource account. See [Create a resource account in Microsoft Teams admin center](#create-a-resource-account-in-microsoft-teams-admin-center) or [Create a resource account in Powershell](#create-a-resource-account-in-powershell)
2. Set up one of the following:
   - [Cloud auto attendant](create-a-phone-system-auto-attendant.md)
   - [Cloud call queue](create-a-phone-system-call-queue.md)
3. Assign the resource account to the service. See [Assign/Unassign phone numbers and services](#assignunassign-phone-numbers-and-services)

## Create a resource account in Microsoft Teams admin center

After you've bought a Phone System license, using Microsoft Teams admin center navigate to **Org-wide settings** > **Resource accounts**.

![Screen shot of the Resource accounts page](media/r-a-master.png)

![Icon of the number 1, referencing a callout in the previous screenshot](media/sfbcallout1.png)

To create a new resource account click **+ New account**. In the pop-up, fill out the display name and user name for the resource account (the domain name should populate automatically) then click **Save**.

![Screen shot of the New resource account options](media/res-acct.png)

Next, apply a license to the resource account in the O365 Admin center, as described in [Assign licenses to users in Office 365 for business](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/admin/subscriptions-and-billing/assign-licenses-to-users?view=o365-worldwide)

### Edit resource account name

![Icon of the number 2, referencing a callout in the previous screenshot](media/sfbcallout2.png) You can edit the resource account display name using the **Edit** option.  Click **Save** when you are done.
![Screen shot of the Edit resource account option](media/r-a-edit.png)

### Assign/Unassign phone numbers and services

![Icon of the number 3, referencing a callout in the previous screenshot](media/sfbcallout3.png) Once you've created the resource account and assigned the license, you can click on **Assign/Unassign** to assign a service number to the resource account, or assign the resource account to an auto attendant or call queue that already exists. Assigning a direct routing number can be done using Cmdlets only. If your call queue or auto attendant still needs to be created, you can link the resource account while you create it. Click **Save** when you are done.

To assign a direct routing or hybrid number to a resource account you will need to use PowerShell, see the following section.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> If your tenant doesn't have a Phone System license, an internal check will cause a failure when you try to assign the phone number to the resource account. You won't be able to assign the number or associate the resource account with a service.

![Screen shot of the Assign/unassign options](media/r-a-assign.png)

## Create a resource account in Powershell

Depending on whether your resource account is located online or on premises, you would need to connect to the appropriate Powershell prompt with Admin privileges.

- The following Powershell cmdlet examples presume the resource account is homed online using [New-CsOnlineApplicationInstance](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/skype/new-CsOnlineApplicationInstance?view=skype-ps) to create a resource account that is homed online.

- For resource accounts homed on-premises in Skype For Business Server 2019 that can be used with Cloud Call Queues and Cloud Auto Attendants, see [Configure Cloud Call Queues](/skypeforbusiness/hybrid/configure-call-queue.md) or [Configure Cloud Auto Attendants](/skypeforbusiness/hybrid/configure-cloud-auto-attendant.md). Hybrid implementations (numbers homed on Direct Routing) will use [New-CsHybridApplicationEndpoint](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/skype/new-cshybridapplicationendpoint?view=skype-ps).

The application ID's that you need to use while creating the application instances are:

- **Auto Attendant:** ce933385-9390-45d1-9512-c8d228074e07
- **Call Queue:** 11cd3e2e-fccb-42ad-ad00-878b93575e07

> [!NOTE]
> If you want the call queue or auto attendant to be searchable by on-premise users, you should create your resource accounts on-premise, since online resource accounts are not synced down to Active Directory.

1. To create a resource account online for use with an auto attendant, use the following command.  

``` Powershell
New-CsOnlineApplicationInstance -UserPrincipalName testra1@contoso.com -ApplicationId “ce933385-9390-45d1-9512-c8d228074e07” -DisplayName "Resource account 1"
```

2. You will not be able to use the resource account until you apply a license to it. For how to apply a license to an account in the O365 admin center, see [Assign licenses to users in Office 365 for business](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/admin/subscriptions-and-billing/assign-licenses-to-users?view=o365-worldwide#assign-licenses-to-one-user) as well as [Assign Skype for Business licenses](https://docs.microsoft.com/skypeforbusiness/skype-for-business-and-microsoft-teams-add-on-licensing/assign-skype-for-business-and-microsoft-teams-licenses).

3. (Optional) Once the correct license is applied to the resource account you can  set a phone number to the resource account as shown below. Not all resource accounts will require a phone number. If you did not apply a license to the resource account, the phone number assignment will fail.

``` Powershell
Set-CsOnlineVoiceApplicationInstance -Identity testra1@contoso.com -TelephoneNumber +14255550100
Get-CsOnlineTelephoneNumber -TelephoneNumber +14255550100
```

See [Set-CsOnlineVoiceApplicationInstance](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/skype/set-csonlinevoiceapplicationinstance?view=skype-ps) for more details on this command.

> [!NOTE]
> It's easiest to set the online phone number using the Microsoft Teams admin center, as described previously.

To assign a direct routing or hybrid number to  a resource account, use the following cmdlet:

``` Powershell
Set-CsOnlineApplicationInstance -Identity appinstance01@contoso.com -OnpremPhoneNumber +14250000000
```

## Manage Resource account settings in Microsoft Teams admin center

To manage Resource account settings in Microsoft Teams admin center, navigate to **Org-wide settings**  > **Resource accounts**, select the resource account you need to change settings for, and then click on the **Edit** button. in the **Edit resource account** screen, you will be able to change these settings:

- **Display name** for the account
- Call queue or auto attendant that uses the account
- Phone number assigned to the account

When finished, click on **Save**.

## Delete a resource account

Make sure you dissociate the telephone number from the resource account before deleting it, to avoid getting your service number stuck in pending mode. You can do that using the following commandlet:

``` Powershell
Set-csonlinevoiceapplicationinstance -identity <Resource Account oid> -TelephoneNumber $null
```

Once you do that, you can delete the resource account from the O365 admin portal, under Users tab.

## Troubleshooting

In case you do not see the phone number assigned to the resource account on the Teams Admin Center and you are unable to assign the number from there, please check the following:

``` Powershell
Get-MsolUser -UserPrincipalName "username@contoso.com"| fl objectID,department
```

If the department attribute displays Skype for Business Application Endpoint please run the cmdlet below :

``` Powershell
Set-MsolUser -ObjectId  -Department "Microsoft Communication Application Instance"
```
> [!NOTE]
> Refresh the Teams Admin center webpage after running the cmldet, and you should be able to assign the number correctly.

## Related Information

For implementations that are hybrid with Skype for Business Server:

[Plan Cloud auto attendants](/SkypeForBusiness/hybrid/plan-cloud-auto-attendant)

[Configure Cloud auto attendants](/SkypeForBusiness/hybrid/configure-cloud-auto-attendant)

For implementations in Teams or Skype for Business Online:

[What are Cloud auto attendants?](what-are-phone-system-auto-attendants.md)

[Set up a Cloud auto attendant](/SkypeForBusiness/what-is-phone-system-in-office-365/set-up-a-phone-system-auto-attendant)

[Small business example - Set up an auto attendant](/microsoftteams/tutorial-org-aa)

[Create a Cloud call queue](/SkypeForBusiness/what-is-phone-system-in-office-365/create-a-phone-system-call-queue)

[New-CsHybridApplicationEndpoint](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/skype/new-cshybridapplicationendpoint?view=skype-ps)

[New-CsOnlineApplicationInstance](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/skype/new-csonlineapplicationinstance?view=skype-ps)

Commit message:

free license for resource accounts

Teams/manage-resource-accounts.md, after:

---
title: "Manage resource accounts in Teams"
ms.author: jambirk
author: jambirk
manager: serdars
ms.reviewer: jastark, wasseemh
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt.pltfrm: cloud
ms.service: msteams
search.appverid: MET150
ms.collection: 
- Teams_ITAdmin_Help
- M365-voice
audience: Admin
appliesto:
- Microsoft Teams
localization_priority: Normal
f1keywords:
- ms.teamsadmincenter.orgwidesettings.resourceaccounts.overview
description: "Learn about managing resource accounts in Microsoft Teams"
---

# Manage resource accounts in Microsoft Teams

A resource account is also known as a disabled user object in Azure Active Directory, and can be used to represent resources in general. In Exchange it might be used to represent conference rooms, for example, and allow them to have a phone number. A resource account can be homed in Microsoft 365 or on premises using Skype for Business Server 2019.

In Microsoft Teams or Skype for Business Online, each call queue or auto attendant is required to have an associated resource account. Whether a resource account needs an assigned phone number will depend on the intended use of the associated call queue or auto attendant. Refer to the articles on call queues and auto attendants linked at the bottom of this article before assigning a phone number to a resource account.

> [!NOTE]
> This article applies to both Microsoft Teams and Skype for Business Online. For resource accounts homed on Skype for Business Server 2019, see [Configure resource accounts](/SkypeForBusiness/hybrid/configure-onprem-ra).

## Overview

If your Phone System service will need a service number, the various dependencies can be met in the following sequence:

1. Obtain a service number
2. Obtain a Phone System license (Phone System Virtual User license)
3. Create the resource account. An auto attendant or call queue is required to have an associated resource account.
4. Assign the Phone System license to the resource account.
5. Assign a phone number to the resource account.
6. Create a Phone System service (a call queue or auto attendant)
7. Associate the resource account with a service: (New-CsApplicationInstanceAssociation)

If the auto attendant or call queue is nested under a top level auto attendant, the associated resource account only needs a phone number if you want multiple points of entry into the structure of auto attendants and call queues.

To redirect calls to people in your organization who are homed Online, they must have a **Phone System** license and be enabled for Enterprise Voice or have Office 365 Calling Plans. See [Assign Microsoft Teams licenses](assign-teams-licenses.md). To enable them for Enterprise Voice, you can use Windows PowerShell. For example run:  `Set-CsUser -identity "Amos Marble" -EnterpriseVoiceEnabled $true`

If the Phone system service you're creating will be nested and will not need a phone number, the process is:

1. Create the resource account  
2. Create a Phone System service
3. Associate the resource account with a Phone System service

### Create a resource account with a phone number

Creating a resource account that uses a phone number would require performing the following tasks in the following order:

1. Port or get a toll or toll-free service number. The number can't be assigned to any other voice services or resource accounts.

   Before you assign a phone number to a resource account, you will need to get or port your existing toll or toll-free service numbers. After you get the toll or toll-free service phone numbers, they will show up in **Microsoft Teams admin center** > **Voice** > **Phone numbers**, and the **Number type** listed will be listed as **Service - Toll-Free**. To get your service numbers, see [Getting service phone numbers](getting-service-phone-numbers.md) or if you want to transfer an existing service number, see [Transfer phone numbers to Office 365](transfer-phone-numbers-to-office-365.md).

2. If you are assigning a phone number to a resource account you can now use the cost-free Phone System Virtual User license. This provides Phone System capabilities to phone numbers at the organizational level, and allows you to create auto attendant and call queue capabilities.

3. Create a new resource account. See [Create a resource account in Microsoft Teams admin center](#create-a-resource-account-in-microsoft-teams-admin-center) or [Create a resource account in Powershell](#create-a-resource-account-in-powershell)
4. Assign the Phone System license to the resource account. See [Assign Microsoft Teams licenses](assign-teams-licenses.md) and [Assign licenses to one user](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/admin/subscriptions-and-billing/assign-licenses-to-users?redirectSourcePath=%252farticle%252f997596b5-4173-4627-b915-36abac6786dc&view=o365-worldwide#assign-licenses-to-one-user).
5. Assign the service number to the resource account. See [Assign/Unassign phone numbers and services](#assignunassign-phone-numbers-and-services).
6. Set up one of the following:
   - [Cloud auto attendant](create-a-phone-system-auto-attendant.md)
   - [Cloud call queue](create-a-phone-system-call-queue.md)
7. Assign the resource account to the service. See [Assign/Unassign phone numbers and services](#assignunassign-phone-numbers-and-services)

### Create a resource account without a phone number

Creating a resource account that does not need a phone number would require performing the following tasks in the following order:

1. Create a new resource account. See [Create a resource account in Microsoft Teams admin center](#create-a-resource-account-in-microsoft-teams-admin-center) or [Create a resource account in Powershell](#create-a-resource-account-in-powershell)
2. Set up one of the following:
   - [Cloud auto attendant](create-a-phone-system-auto-attendant.md)
   - [Cloud call queue](create-a-phone-system-call-queue.md)
3. Assign the resource account to the service. See [Assign/Unassign phone numbers and services](#assignunassign-phone-numbers-and-services)

## Create a resource account in Microsoft Teams admin center

After you've bought a Phone System license, using Microsoft Teams admin center navigate to **Org-wide settings** > **Resource accounts**.

![Screen shot of the Resource accounts page](media/r-a-master.png)

![Icon of the number 1, referencing a callout in the previous screenshot](media/sfbcallout1.png)

To create a new resource account click **+ New account**. In the pop-up, fill out the display name and user name for the resource account (the domain name should populate automatically) then click **Save**.

![Screen shot of the New resource account options](media/res-acct.png)

Next, apply a license to the resource account in the O365 Admin center, as described in [Assign licenses to users in Office 365 for business](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/admin/subscriptions-and-billing/assign-licenses-to-users?view=o365-worldwide)

### Edit resource account name

![Icon of the number 2, referencing a callout in the previous screenshot](media/sfbcallout2.png) You can edit the resource account display name using the **Edit** option.  Click **Save** when you are done.
![Screen shot of the Edit resource account option](media/r-a-edit.png)

### Assign/Unassign phone numbers and services

![Icon of the number 3, referencing a callout in the previous screenshot](media/sfbcallout3.png) Once you've created the resource account and assigned the license, you can click on **Assign/Unassign** to assign a service number to the resource account, or assign the resource account to an auto attendant or call queue that already exists. Assigning a direct routing number can be done using Cmdlets only. If your call queue or auto attendant still needs to be created, you can link the resource account while you create it. Click **Save** when you are done.

To assign a direct routing or hybrid number to a resource account you will need to use PowerShell, see the following section.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> If your tenant doesn't have a Phone System license, an internal check will cause a failure when you try to assign the phone number to the resource account. You won't be able to assign the number or associate the resource account with a service.

![Screen shot of the Assign/unassign options](media/r-a-assign.png)

## Create a resource account in Powershell

Depending on whether your resource account is located online or on premises, you would need to connect to the appropriate Powershell prompt with Admin privileges.

- The following Powershell cmdlet examples presume the resource account is homed online using [New-CsOnlineApplicationInstance](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/skype/new-CsOnlineApplicationInstance?view=skype-ps) to create a resource account that is homed online.

- For resource accounts homed on-premises in Skype For Business Server 2019 that can be used with Cloud Call Queues and Cloud Auto Attendants, see [Configure Cloud Call Queues](/skypeforbusiness/hybrid/configure-call-queue.md) or [Configure Cloud Auto Attendants](/skypeforbusiness/hybrid/configure-cloud-auto-attendant.md). Hybrid implementations (numbers homed on Direct Routing) will use [New-CsHybridApplicationEndpoint](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/skype/new-cshybridapplicationendpoint?view=skype-ps).

The application ID's that you need to use while creating the application instances are:

- **Auto Attendant:** ce933385-9390-45d1-9512-c8d228074e07
- **Call Queue:** 11cd3e2e-fccb-42ad-ad00-878b93575e07

> [!NOTE]
> If you want the call queue or auto attendant to be searchable by on-premise users, you should create your resource accounts on-premise, since online resource accounts are not synced down to Active Directory.

1. To create a resource account online for use with an auto attendant, use the following command.  

``` Powershell
New-CsOnlineApplicationInstance -UserPrincipalName testra1@contoso.com -ApplicationId “ce933385-9390-45d1-9512-c8d228074e07” -DisplayName "Resource account 1"
```

2. You will not be able to use the resource account until you apply a license to it. For how to apply a license to an account in the O365 admin center, see [Assign licenses to users in Office 365 for business](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/admin/subscriptions-and-billing/assign-licenses-to-users?view=o365-worldwide#assign-licenses-to-one-user) as well as [Assign Skype for Business licenses](https://docs.microsoft.com/skypeforbusiness/skype-for-business-and-microsoft-teams-add-on-licensing/assign-skype-for-business-and-microsoft-teams-licenses).

3. (Optional) Once the correct license is applied to the resource account you can  set a phone number to the resource account as shown below. Not all resource accounts will require a phone number. If you did not apply a license to the resource account, the phone number assignment will fail.

``` Powershell
Set-CsOnlineVoiceApplicationInstance -Identity testra1@contoso.com -TelephoneNumber +14255550100
Get-CsOnlineTelephoneNumber -TelephoneNumber +14255550100
```

See [Set-CsOnlineVoiceApplicationInstance](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/skype/set-csonlinevoiceapplicationinstance?view=skype-ps) for more details on this command.

> [!NOTE]
> It's easiest to set the online phone number using the Microsoft Teams admin center, as described previously.

To assign a direct routing or hybrid number to  a resource account, use the following cmdlet:

``` Powershell
Set-CsOnlineApplicationInstance -Identity appinstance01@contoso.com -OnpremPhoneNumber +14250000000
```

## Manage Resource account settings in Microsoft Teams admin center

To manage Resource account settings in Microsoft Teams admin center, navigate to **Org-wide settings**  > **Resource accounts**, select the resource account you need to change settings for, and then click on the **Edit** button. in the **Edit resource account** screen, you will be able to change these settings:

- **Display name** for the account
- Call queue or auto attendant that uses the account
- Phone number assigned to the account

When finished, click on **Save**.

## Delete a resource account

Make sure you dissociate the telephone number from the resource account before deleting it, to avoid getting your service number stuck in pending mode. You can do that using the following commandlet:

``` Powershell
Set-csonlinevoiceapplicationinstance -identity <Resource Account oid> -TelephoneNumber $null
```

Once you do that, you can delete the resource account from the O365 admin portal, under Users tab.

## Troubleshooting

In case you do not see the phone number assigned to the resource account on the Teams Admin Center and you are unable to assign the number from there, please check the following:

``` Powershell
Get-MsolUser -UserPrincipalName "username@contoso.com"| fl objectID,department
```

If the department attribute displays Skype for Business Application Endpoint please run the cmdlet below :

``` Powershell
Set-MsolUser -ObjectId  -Department "Microsoft Communication Application Instance"
```
> [!NOTE]
> Refresh the Teams Admin center webpage after running the cmldet, and you should be able to assign the number correctly.

## Related Information

For implementations that are hybrid with Skype for Business Server:

[Plan Cloud auto attendants](/SkypeForBusiness/hybrid/plan-cloud-auto-attendant)

[Configure Cloud auto attendants](/SkypeForBusiness/hybrid/configure-cloud-auto-attendant)

For implementations in Teams or Skype for Business Online:

[What are Cloud auto attendants?](what-are-phone-system-auto-attendants.md)

[Set up a Cloud auto attendant](/SkypeForBusiness/what-is-phone-system-in-office-365/set-up-a-phone-system-auto-attendant)

[Small business example - Set up an auto attendant](/microsoftteams/tutorial-org-aa)

[Create a Cloud call queue](/SkypeForBusiness/what-is-phone-system-in-office-365/create-a-phone-system-call-queue)

[New-CsHybridApplicationEndpoint](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/skype/new-cshybridapplicationendpoint?view=skype-ps)

[New-CsOnlineApplicationInstance](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/skype/new-csonlineapplicationinstance?view=skype-ps)
