---
title: Career Coach data and compliance information
author: MicrosoftHeidi
ms.author: heidip
manager: serdars
ms.topic: article
ms.service: msteams
audience: admin
ms.collection: 
  - M365-collaboration
ms.reviewer: 
search.appverid: MET150
f1keywords: 
description: Learn the privacy, compliance, and purview measures taken by Microsoft regarding Education or EDU's Career Coach.
appliesto: 
- Microsoft Teams
ms.localizationpriority: high
---

# Career Coach data and compliance

> [!NOTE]
> March 2023, customers will no longer be able to purchase the Career Coach product as we are deprecating it. By June of 2023, Microsoft will stop all support of Career Coach. We will update the Career Coach documentation with instructions on how to export your Career Coach data in preparation for this deprecation. For more information, see [Career Coach Deprecation FAQs](https://download.microsoft.com/download/2/2/1/22167304-368d-417f-8c5b-8eb3129c5e4f/CareerCoachDeprecationFAQ.pdf).

This article discusses how to use in-app functionality as well as other tools to help you find and act on personal data or personal information to respond to Data Subject Request (DSRs) in compliance with your GDPR obligations. Career Coach broadly classifies data into two categories: customer content and system-generated logs. In Career Coach, customer content includes user data, tenant configuration data and student activity data while system generated logs include logs and related data generated by Microsoft that help Microsoft provide enterprise services to users.

## Customer content

### User data

User data collected by Career Coach includes profile information such as goals and activities progress, field of study, year in school, saved skills, saved careers, uploaded resumes and transcripts.

#### Deleting user data

Follow these steps to delete user data from Career Coach:

1. A global administrator must [open a support ticket](https://edusupport.microsoft.com/support?product_id=career_coach) that clearly states the request for a GDPR Delete DSR (data subject requests) operation. **There is no ability to limit the data set or time window of the deletion**.
2. The request should clearly state the type of data that needs to be deleted:
    1. All user data for the tenant.
    2. User data for a specific user. Please include the user’s OID (object identifiers) as part of the delete request.
3. Once filed, the support ticket will be addressed after one week to meet compliance's minimal retention policy. You can cancel the operation during this time.
4. After one week, the Career Coach team deletes all data related to the tenant. Microsoft support monitors the ticket and will notify you once the deletion process is complete, **in no more than 30 days**.

#### Exporting user data

Follow these steps to export user data from Career Coach:

1. [Open Career Coach](https://aka.ms/Career_Coach_App) and view your profile.
1. Scroll to the privacy and security section.
1. Select “Download” to export all customer data for your account.

### Tenant configuration data

Tenant data includes information uploaded or generated as part of Career Coach application configuration. This data includes a tenant’s brand information, logo and learning icon, course catalog, LinkedIn school URL, fields of study list, and all other data added during the Career Coach tenant configuration in the Teams admin center.

#### Deleting tenant configuration data

Follow these steps to delete tenant configuration data from Career Coach:

1. A global administrator must [open a support ticket](https://edusupport.microsoft.com/support?product_id=career_coach) clearly stating the request to delete the configuration data for your tenant. **There is no ability to limit the data set or time window of the deletion**.
1. Once filed, the support ticket will be addressed after one week to meet compliance's minimal retention policy. You can cancel the operation during this time.
1. After one week, the Career Coach team deletes all data related to the tenant. Microsoft support monitors the ticket and will notify you once the deletion process is complete, **in no more than 30 days**.

### Student activity data

Career Coach stores student activity data in the same location as [Education Insights](class-insights.md). The aggregated data is surfaced within the Career Coach student activity insights experience. The student usage data captured to power this feature is stored and retained for one year.

#### Deleting student activity data

To remove student activity data for an individual or tenant, follow the steps in [How to delete user data from Education insights](class-insights.md#how-to-delete-user-data-from-education-insights).

## System generated logs

System-generated logs include logs and related data generated by Microsoft that help Microsoft provide enterprise services to users. System-generated logs contain primarily pseudonymized data, such as unique identifiers (typically a number generated by the system) that can't on their own identify an individual person but are used to deliver the enterprise services to users. Examples of this data include:

- Product and service usage data such as user activity logs.
- User search requests and query data.
- Data generated by products and services as a product of system functionality and interaction by users or other systems.

> [!NOTE]
> The ability to restrict or rectify data in system-generated logs is not supported. Data in system-generated logs constitutes factual actions conducted within the Microsoft cloud and diagnostic data, and modifications to such data would compromise the historical record of actions and increase fraud and security risks. Career Coach retains system-generated logs for 30 days.

### Exporting and deleting system-generated logs

The tenant global administrator is the only person within your organization who can access system-generated logs associated with a particular user's use of Office 365 services and applications. Career Coach aligns with [the process for accessing and exporting system-generated logs provided by Office 365](/compliance/regulatory/gdpr-dsr-Office365#accessing-and-exporting-system-generated-logs).

## More information

- [Get started with Career Coach for Microsoft Teams](career-coach.md)
- [Privacy Frequently Asked Questions](https://privacy.microsoft.com/faq)
- [Microsoft products and your data - Microsoft Privacy](https://privacy.microsoft.com/privacy-in-our-products)
- [Microsoft Account Privacy Settings](https://account.microsoft.com/account/privacy?refd=privacy.microsoft.com&ru=https%3A%2F%2Faccount.microsoft.com%2Fprivacy%2F%3Frefd%3Dprivacy.microsoft.com&destrt=privacy-dashboard)
