Teams/sharing-files-in-teams.md, before:

---
title: Sharing files in Microsoft Teams
author: LolaJacobsen
ms.author: lolaj
manager: serdars
ms.date: 05/08/2019
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.service: msteams
ms.reviewer: snigdhav
search.appverid: MET150
description: Microsoft Teams uses the settings from OneDrive and SharePoint to control sharing.
localization_priority: Normal
MS.collection: 
- Teams_ITAdmin_Help
- M365-collaboration
appliesto: 
- Microsoft Teams
---

# Sharing files in Microsoft Teams

> [!INCLUDE [new feature coming soon](includes/new-feature-coming-soon-article.md)]

The file sharing features in Teams let users share content with other Teams users in their organization. Sharing in Teams is based on the settings configured in SharePoint and OneDrive, so whatever you set up for SharePoint and OneDrive will control sharing in Teams as well.

Teams sharing lets users do the following:

- Share files from OneDrive.

- Set permissions for files they want to share with others.

- Share files across Teams.

- Share files from their list of recently accessed files (typically, these are the files users are most interested in sharing).

- Stay within Teams when they click a file name to open a file.

Teams shortens long SharePoint URLS and browser URLS that point to a file. Teams uses just the file name to link to a file. Additionally, the **Get link** option has been changed to **Copy link** to eliminate any confusion that users might have about giving others access to a file.

## Configure sharing in OneDrive and SharePoint

For more information about sharing files in OneDrive and SharePoint, including how to configure sharing and how to turn sharing on and off, see:

- [External sharing overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/sharepoint/external-sharing-overview) - describes what happens when users share, depending on what they're sharing and with whom.

- [Turn external sharing on or off](https://docs.microsoft.com/sharepoint/turn-external-sharing-on-or-off) - describes how global and SharePoint admins can change their organization-level sharing settings for SharePoint and OneDrive.

- [Change external sharing for a site](https://docs.microsoft.com/sharepoint/change-external-sharing-site) – describes how global and SharePoint admins can turn external sharing on or off for a site.

- [Change the default link type when users get links for sharing](https://docs.microsoft.com/sharepoint/change-default-sharing-link) - describes how to set the default link type so that it is more restrictive.

## More information

- [How SharePoint Online and OneDrive for Business interact with Microsoft Teams](sharepoint-onedrive-interact.md)

- [SharePoint and Teams: better together](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Microsoft-SharePoint-Blog/SharePoint-and-Teams-Better-Together/ba-p/189593).

- [Share OneDrive files and folders](https://support.office.com/article/Share-OneDrive-files-and-folders-9fcc2f7d-de0c-4cec-93b0-a82024800c07#OS_Type=OneDrive_-_Business)

- [Share SharePoint files or folders](https://support.office.com/article/share-sharepoint-files-or-folders-1fe37332-0f9a-4719-970e-d2578da4941c)

Commit message:

add new image to sharing-files-in-teams

Teams/sharing-files-in-teams.md, after:

---
title: Sharing files in Microsoft Teams
author: LolaJacobsen
ms.author: lolaj
manager: serdars
ms.date: 05/08/2019
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.service: msteams
ms.reviewer: snigdhav
search.appverid: MET150
description: Microsoft Teams uses the settings from OneDrive and SharePoint to control sharing.
localization_priority: Normal
MS.collection: 
- Teams_ITAdmin_Help
- M365-collaboration
appliesto: 
- Microsoft Teams
---

# Sharing files in Microsoft Teams

> [!INCLUDE [new feature coming soon](includes/new-feature-coming-soon-article.md)]

The file sharing features in Teams let users share content with other Teams users in their organization. Sharing in Teams is based on the settings configured in SharePoint and OneDrive, so whatever you set up for SharePoint and OneDrive will control sharing in Teams as well.
![Diagram indicating how file sharing works between Teams and OneDrive for Business and SharePoint](media/sharing-files-in-teams-image1.png)

Teams sharing lets users do the following:

- Share files from OneDrive.

- Set permissions for files they want to share with others.

- Share files across Teams.

- Share files from their list of recently accessed files (typically, these are the files users are most interested in sharing).

- Stay within Teams when they click a file name to open a file.

Teams shortens long SharePoint URLS and browser URLS that point to a file. Teams uses just the file name to link to a file. Additionally, the **Get link** option has been changed to **Copy link** to eliminate any confusion that users might have about giving others access to a file.

## Configure sharing in OneDrive and SharePoint

For more information about sharing files in OneDrive and SharePoint, including how to configure sharing and how to turn sharing on and off, see:

- [External sharing overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/sharepoint/external-sharing-overview) - describes what happens when users share, depending on what they're sharing and with whom.

- [Turn external sharing on or off](https://docs.microsoft.com/sharepoint/turn-external-sharing-on-or-off) - describes how global and SharePoint admins can change their organization-level sharing settings for SharePoint and OneDrive.

- [Change external sharing for a site](https://docs.microsoft.com/sharepoint/change-external-sharing-site) – describes how global and SharePoint admins can turn external sharing on or off for a site.

- [Change the default link type when users get links for sharing](https://docs.microsoft.com/sharepoint/change-default-sharing-link) - describes how to set the default link type so that it is more restrictive.

## More information

- [How SharePoint Online and OneDrive for Business interact with Microsoft Teams](sharepoint-onedrive-interact.md)

- [SharePoint and Teams: better together](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Microsoft-SharePoint-Blog/SharePoint-and-Teams-Better-Together/ba-p/189593).

- [Share OneDrive files and folders](https://support.office.com/article/Share-OneDrive-files-and-folders-9fcc2f7d-de0c-4cec-93b0-a82024800c07#OS_Type=OneDrive_-_Business)

- [Share SharePoint files or folders](https://support.office.com/article/share-sharepoint-files-or-folders-1fe37332-0f9a-4719-970e-d2578da4941c)
