Teams/Teams-overview.md, before:

---
title: Welcome to Microsoft Teams
author: lolajacobsen
ms.author: lolaj
manager: serdars
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.service: msteams
ms.date: 06/18/2019
ms.reviewer: LolaJ
description: Find the right path to rolling out Microsoft Teams in your organization. Learn about the Teams infrastructure and using Teams with Office 365.
localization_priority: Priority
search.appverid: MET150
MS.collection: 
- Teams_ITAdmin_Help
- M365-collaboration
appliesto: 
- Microsoft Teams
---

# Welcome to Microsoft Teams
If you're the admin for Microsoft Teams in your organization, you're in the right place. When you're ready to get going with Teams, start with [How to roll out Teams](How-to-roll-out-teams.md).

If you're new to Teams and want to learn more, read on. Check out this short video, [Welcome to Teams](https://youtu.be/s3aQV3T0D6c). 

## Teams architecture

Teams is built on Office 365 groups, Microsoft Graph, and the same enterprise-level security, compliance, and manageability as the rest of Office 365. Teams leverages identities stored in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD). Coming in summer 2019: Teams keeps working even when you're offline or in low-bandwidth conditions. 

To see where Teams fits in the context of Microsoft 365, check out this architecture poster:  [Teams as part of Microsoft 365](teams-architecture-solutions-posters.md#teams-as-part-of-microsoft-365)

[![Thumb image for Teams logical architecture poster](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Enterprise/raw/live/Enterprise/downloads/msft-teams-logical-architecture-thumb.png)](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Enterprise/raw/live/Enterprise/downloads/msft-m365-teams-logical-architecture.pdf)         



When you create a team, here's what gets created:
- A new [Office 365 group](office-365-groups.md)
- A [SharePoint Online](sharepoint-onedrive-interact.md) site and document library to store team files
- An [Exchange Online](exchange-teams-interact.md) shared mailbox and calendar
- A OneNote notebook
- Ties into other Office 365 apps such as Planner and Power BI

When you create a team from an existing group, that group's membership, site, mailbox, and notebook are surfaced in Teams. To learn more, check out this poster: [Groups in Microsoft 365 for IT Architects](teams-architecture-solutions-posters.md#groups-in-microsoft-365)

[![Thumb image for groups infographic](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Enterprise/raw/live/Enterprise/downloads/msft-m365-groups-architecture-thumb.png)](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Enterprise/raw/live/Enterprise/downloads/msft-m365-groups.pdf)

To customize and extend Teams, add third-party apps through [apps, bots, and connectors](deploy-apps-microsoft-teams-landing-page.md). With Teams, you can include people from outside your organization by [adding them as a guest](guest-access.md) to a team or channel. As part of Office 365, Teams offers a robust [development platform](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/platform) so you can build the teamwork hub you need for your organization. 

> [!TIP]
> For a deep dive into Teams architecture, watch the videos on the [Teams Platform Academy](https://aka.ms/TeamsPlatformAcademy).


## Managing Teams

As the admin, you'll manage Teams through the Microsoft Teams admin center. To learn more:
- [Use Teams admin roles to manage Teams](using-admin-roles.md)
- [Manage Teams in the Teams admin center](manage-teams-skypeforbusiness-admin-center.md)
- [Manage Teams during the transition to the new Teams admin center](manage-teams-in-modern-portal.md)
- [Manage Teams features in your Office 365 organization](enable-features-office-365.md)

To stay on top of what’s coming for Teams and all other Office 365 products and services in your organization, be sure to check [Message center](https://admin.microsoft.com/AdminPortal/Home#/MessageCenter) and the [Teams roadmap](https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?rtc=1%26filters=Microsoft%20Teams%26searchterms=microsoft%2Cteams). You’ll get announcements about new and updated features, planned changes, and issues to help keep you informed and prepared. 

## Upgrade from Skype for Business to Teams
Teams is the primary client for intelligent communications in Office 365, and it'll eventually replace Skype for Business Online. To stay on top of new features coming to Teams, see the [Microsoft 365 Roadmap](http://aka.ms/O365Roadmap). To complement persistent chat and messaging capabilities, Teams offers a comprehensive meeting and calling experience, with built in, fully integrated voice and video. Check out [Teams is now a complete meeting and calling solution](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Microsoft-Teams-Blog/Microsoft-Teams-is-now-a-complete-meeting-and-calling-solution/ba-p/236042) in the Microsoft Teams Blog.

If you’re running Skype for Business and are ready to upgrade to Teams, or if you’re running Skype for Business and Teams side-by-side and are ready to fully move to Teams, we have the tools, tips, and guidance to help make your transition successful. To learn more, see [Upgrade to Teams](journey-skypeforbusiness-teams.md).

## Teamwork and Office 365
Every team is different; there’s no one-size-fits-all approach to collaboration. Office 365 is designed to meet the unique needs of every team, empowering people to communicate, collaborate, and achieve more with purpose-built, integrated applications. 

When deciding which Office 365 apps and services to use, think about the work your organization does and the types of conversations your teams need to have. 

- **Teams**, as the hub for teamwork, is where people - including people outside your organization - can actively connect and collaborate in real time to get things done. Have a conversation right where the work is happening, whether coauthoring a document, having a meeting, or working together in other apps and services. Teams is the place to have informal chats, iterate quickly on a project, work with team files, and collaborate on shared deliverables. 

- **Outlook** for collaborating in the familiar environment of email and in a more formal, structured manner or when targeted and direct communication is required. 

- **SharePoint** for sites, portals, intelligent content services, business process automation, and enterprise search. SharePoint keeps content at the center of teamwork, making all types of content easily shareable and accessible across teams. Tight integration with Outlook, Yammer, and Teams enables seamless content collaboration across conversation experiences.

- **OneDrive for Business** for storing files and sharing them with people that a user invites. Content that a user saves to OneDrive for Business is private until the user shares it with others, making it the best option for storing personal and draft documents that are not intended to be shared or not ready to be shared.

- **Yammer** to connect people across the organization. Drive company-wide initiatives, share best practices, and build communities around common topics of interest or areas or practice. Crowdsource ideas to foster open discussions with people across the company.

- **Office apps** are all the familiar tools that people know and use regularly, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and OneNote. 

## Teams content updates

See a [weekly list of Teams topics that have been updated](teams-updates.md).

## Teams known issues

See [Known issues for Teams](Known-issues.md).

## Teams client release notes

See [What's new in Teams](https://support.office.com/article/what-s-new-in-microsoft-teams-d7092a6d-c896-424c-b362-a472d5f105de).

Commit message:

Updates to teams-overview & training landing page

Teams/Teams-overview.md, after:

---
title: Welcome to Microsoft Teams
author: lolajacobsen
ms.author: lolaj
manager: serdars
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.service: msteams
ms.date: 06/18/2019
ms.reviewer: LolaJ
description: Find the right path to rolling out Microsoft Teams in your organization. Learn about the Teams infrastructure and using Teams with Office 365.
localization_priority: Priority
search.appverid: MET150
MS.collection: 
- Teams_ITAdmin_Help
- M365-collaboration
appliesto: 
- Microsoft Teams
---

# Welcome to Microsoft Teams
If you're the admin for Microsoft Teams in your organization, you're in the right place. When you're ready to get going with Teams, start with [How to roll out Teams](How-to-roll-out-teams.md).

If you're new to Teams and want to learn more, read on. Check out this short video, [Welcome to Teams](https://youtu.be/s3aQV3T0D6c). 

If you're looking for end user Teams Help, click **Help** on the left side of the app, or go to the [Microsoft Teams help center](https://support.office.com/teams).

## Teams architecture

Teams is built on Office 365 groups, Microsoft Graph, and the same enterprise-level security, compliance, and manageability as the rest of Office 365. Teams leverages identities stored in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD). Coming in summer 2019: Teams keeps working even when you're offline or in low-bandwidth conditions. 

To see where Teams fits in the context of Microsoft 365, check out this architecture poster:  [Teams as part of Microsoft 365](teams-architecture-solutions-posters.md#teams-as-part-of-microsoft-365)

[![Thumb image for Teams logical architecture poster](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Enterprise/raw/live/Enterprise/downloads/msft-teams-logical-architecture-thumb.png)](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Enterprise/raw/live/Enterprise/downloads/msft-m365-teams-logical-architecture.pdf)         



When you create a team, here's what gets created:
- A new [Office 365 group](office-365-groups.md)
- A [SharePoint Online](sharepoint-onedrive-interact.md) site and document library to store team files
- An [Exchange Online](exchange-teams-interact.md) shared mailbox and calendar
- A OneNote notebook
- Ties into other Office 365 apps such as Planner and Power BI

When you create a team from an existing group, that group's membership, site, mailbox, and notebook are surfaced in Teams. To learn more, check out this poster: [Groups in Microsoft 365 for IT Architects](teams-architecture-solutions-posters.md#groups-in-microsoft-365)

[![Thumb image for groups infographic](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Enterprise/raw/live/Enterprise/downloads/msft-m365-groups-architecture-thumb.png)](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Enterprise/raw/live/Enterprise/downloads/msft-m365-groups.pdf)

To customize and extend Teams, add third-party apps through [apps, bots, and connectors](deploy-apps-microsoft-teams-landing-page.md). With Teams, you can include people from outside your organization by [adding them as a guest](guest-access.md) to a team or channel. As part of Office 365, Teams offers a robust [development platform](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/platform) so you can build the teamwork hub you need for your organization. 

> [!TIP]
> For a deep dive into Teams architecture, watch the videos on the [Teams Platform Academy](https://aka.ms/TeamsPlatformAcademy).


## Managing Teams

As the admin, you'll manage Teams through the Microsoft Teams admin center. To learn more:
- [Use Teams admin roles to manage Teams](using-admin-roles.md)
- [Manage Teams in the Teams admin center](manage-teams-skypeforbusiness-admin-center.md)
- [Manage Teams during the transition to the new Teams admin center](manage-teams-in-modern-portal.md)
- [Manage Teams features in your Office 365 organization](enable-features-office-365.md)

To stay on top of what’s coming for Teams and all other Office 365 products and services in your organization, be sure to check [Message center](https://admin.microsoft.com/AdminPortal/Home#/MessageCenter) and the [Teams roadmap](https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/roadmap?rtc=1%26filters=Microsoft%20Teams%26searchterms=microsoft%2Cteams). You’ll get announcements about new and updated features, planned changes, and issues to help keep you informed and prepared. 

## Upgrade from Skype for Business to Teams
Teams is the primary client for intelligent communications in Office 365, and it'll eventually replace Skype for Business Online. To stay on top of new features coming to Teams, see the [Microsoft 365 Roadmap](http://aka.ms/O365Roadmap). To complement persistent chat and messaging capabilities, Teams offers a comprehensive meeting and calling experience, with built in, fully integrated voice and video. Check out [Teams is now a complete meeting and calling solution](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Microsoft-Teams-Blog/Microsoft-Teams-is-now-a-complete-meeting-and-calling-solution/ba-p/236042) in the Microsoft Teams Blog.

If you’re running Skype for Business and are ready to upgrade to Teams, or if you’re running Skype for Business and Teams side-by-side and are ready to fully move to Teams, we have the tools, tips, and guidance to help make your transition successful. To learn more, see [Upgrade to Teams](journey-skypeforbusiness-teams.md).

## Teamwork and Office 365
Every team is different; there’s no one-size-fits-all approach to collaboration. Office 365 is designed to meet the unique needs of every team, empowering people to communicate, collaborate, and achieve more with purpose-built, integrated applications. 

When deciding which Office 365 apps and services to use, think about the work your organization does and the types of conversations your teams need to have. 

- **Teams**, as the hub for teamwork, is where people - including people outside your organization - can actively connect and collaborate in real time to get things done. Have a conversation right where the work is happening, whether coauthoring a document, having a meeting, or working together in other apps and services. Teams is the place to have informal chats, iterate quickly on a project, work with team files, and collaborate on shared deliverables. 

- **Outlook** for collaborating in the familiar environment of email and in a more formal, structured manner or when targeted and direct communication is required. 

- **SharePoint** for sites, portals, intelligent content services, business process automation, and enterprise search. SharePoint keeps content at the center of teamwork, making all types of content easily shareable and accessible across teams. Tight integration with Outlook, Yammer, and Teams enables seamless content collaboration across conversation experiences.

- **OneDrive for Business** for storing files and sharing them with people that a user invites. Content that a user saves to OneDrive for Business is private until the user shares it with others, making it the best option for storing personal and draft documents that are not intended to be shared or not ready to be shared.

- **Yammer** to connect people across the organization. Drive company-wide initiatives, share best practices, and build communities around common topics of interest or areas or practice. Crowdsource ideas to foster open discussions with people across the company.

- **Office apps** are all the familiar tools that people know and use regularly, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and OneNote. 

## Teams content updates

See a [weekly list of Teams topics that have been updated](teams-updates.md).

## Teams known issues

See [Known issues for Teams](Known-issues.md).

## Teams client release notes

See [What's new in Teams](https://support.office.com/article/what-s-new-in-microsoft-teams-d7092a6d-c896-424c-b362-a472d5f105de).
