Teams/upgrade-to-Teams-execute-SkypeforBusinessHybridOnPrem.md, before:

---
title: Upgrade to Teams from a Skype for Business hybrid or on-premises deployment - Microsoft Teams
author: lanachin
ms.author: v-lanac
manager: serdars
ms.date: 01/09/2019
ms.topic: article
ms.service: msteams
ms.reviewer: dearbeen
description: Considerations for upgrading to Teams from a Skype for Business hybrid or on-premises deployment.  
localization_priority: Normal
search.appverid: MET150
ms.custom: Teams-upgrade-guidance
MS.collection: 
- Teams_ITAdmin_JourneyFromSfB
- M365-collaboration
appliesto:
- Microsoft Teams
---

![Upgrade journey diagram, emphasizing Deployment and Implementation](media/upgrade-banner-deployment.png "Stages of the upgrade journey, with emphasis on the Deployment and Implementation stage")

This article is part of Deployment and Implementation stage of your upgrade journey. Before proceeding, confirm that you’ve completed the following activities:

-   [Enlisted your project stakeholders](upgrade-enlist-stakeholders.md)
-   [Defined your project scope](https://aka.ms/SkypetoTeams-Scope)
-   [Understood coexistence and interoperability of Skype for Business and Teams](https://aka.ms/SkypeToTeams-Coexist)
-   [Chosen your upgrade journey](upgrade-and-coexistence-of-skypeforbusiness-and-teams.md)
-   [Prepared your environment](https://aka.ms/SkypeToTeams-TechnicalReadiness)
-   [Prepared your organization](https://aka.ms/SkypeToTeams-UserReadiness)
-   [Conducted a pilot](https://aka.ms/SkypeToTeams-Pilot)

# Upgrade to Teams from a Skype for Business hybrid or on-premises deployment

Follow the guidance in this article if you’ve deployed Skype for Business or Microsoft Lync on-premises and your organization wants to upgrade to Teams either selectively—by using multiple coexistence modes—or all-in. The first step is to set up hybrid connectivity with your Office 365 tenant, and then move your users to Skype for Business Online and assign them the appropriate coexistence and upgrade mode. 

> [!IMPORTANT]
> [!INCLUDE [upgrade-disclaimer](includes/upgrade-disclaimer.md)]

## Step 1: Deploy hybrid connectivity 

The key prerequisite for upgrading your users to Teams is to deploy hybrid connectivity. This might involve deploying new external connectivity for your existing Skype for Business or Lync deployment, or simply configuring a hybrid relationship with your Office 365 tenant. 

For more information, see [Deploy hybrid connectivity between Skype for Business Server and Skype for Business Online](https://docs.microsoft.com/skypeforbusiness/skype-for-business-hybrid-solutions/deploy-hybrid-connectivity/deploy-hybrid-connectivity).

## Step 2: Move users to Skype for Business Online 

After you’ve completed your hybrid setup, move users to Skype for Business Online. 

For more information, see [Move users from on premises to Skype for Business Online](https://docs.microsoft.com/skypeforbusiness/skype-for-business-hybrid-solutions/deploy-hybrid-connectivity/move-users-from-on-premises-to-skype-for-business-online). 

## Step 3: Assign a coexistence and upgrade mode

After you’ve moved your users to Skype for Business Online, you can assign them the appropriate coexistence mode based on the upgrade journey that your organization has chosen. For more information, see [Setting your coexistence and upgrade settings](https://aka.ms/SkypeToTeams-SetCoexistence) and [TeamsUpgradePolicy: managing migration and coexistence](migration-interop-guidance-for-teams-with-skype.md#teamsupgradepolicy-managing-migration-and-co-existence).

> [!NOTE]
> With Skype for Business Server 2019 and a future cumulative update of Skype for Business Server 2015, you’ll be able to perform Step 2 (moving users to Skype for Business Online) and Step 3 (upgrade users to Teams) in a single step. More information will be provided after Skype for Business Server 2019 is released.

## Phone System and Teams upgrade

If you’re transitioning your Skype for Business hybrid deployment to Phone System with Calling Plans and Microsoft will be your public switched telephone network (PSTN) provider—and assuming that you’ve completed the phone number porting—upgrading your users to Teams will automatically transition inbound PSTN calling to Teams.

If Calling Plans isn’t available, you need to transition your enterprise voice deployment to Microsoft Phone System Direct Routing. To upgrade your users to Teams, see the [additional considerations for Phone System Direct Routing](2-envision-make-my-service-decisions-direct-routing.md).

Commit message:

SfB to Teams upgrade updates

Teams/upgrade-to-Teams-execute-SkypeforBusinessHybridOnPrem.md, after:

---
title: Upgrade to Teams from a Skype for Business hybrid or on-premises deployment - Microsoft Teams
author: lanachin
ms.author: v-lanac
manager: serdars
ms.date: 01/09/2019
ms.topic: article
ms.service: msteams
ms.reviewer: dearbeen
description: Considerations for upgrading to Teams from a Skype for Business hybrid or on-premises deployment.  
localization_priority: Normal
search.appverid: MET150
ms.custom: Teams-upgrade-guidance
MS.collection: 
- Teams_ITAdmin_JourneyFromSfB
- M365-collaboration
appliesto:
- Microsoft Teams
---

![Upgrade journey diagram, emphasizing Deployment and Implementation](media/upgrade-banner-deployment.png "Stages of the upgrade journey, with emphasis on the Deployment and Implementation stage")

This article is part of Deployment and Implementation stage of your upgrade journey. Before proceeding, confirm that you’ve completed the following activities:

-   [Enlisted your project stakeholders](upgrade-enlist-stakeholders.md)
-   [Defined your project scope](https://aka.ms/SkypetoTeams-Scope)
-   [Understood coexistence and interoperability of Skype for Business and Teams](https://aka.ms/SkypeToTeams-Coexist)
-   [Chosen your upgrade journey](upgrade-and-coexistence-of-skypeforbusiness-and-teams.md)
-   [Prepared your environment](https://aka.ms/SkypeToTeams-TechnicalReadiness)
-   [Prepared your organization](https://aka.ms/SkypeToTeams-UserReadiness)
-   [Conducted a pilot](https://aka.ms/SkypeToTeams-Pilot)

# Upgrade to Teams from a Skype for Business hybrid or on-premises deployment

Follow the guidance in this article if you’ve deployed Skype for Business or Microsoft Lync on-premises and your organization wants to upgrade to Teams either selectively—by using multiple coexistence modes—or all-in. The first step is to set up hybrid connectivity with your Office 365 tenant, and then move your users to Skype for Business Online and assign them the appropriate coexistence and upgrade mode. 

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Skype for Business Online will be retired on July 31, 2021, after which it will no longer be accessible or supported. To maximize benefit realization and ensure your organization has proper time to implement your upgrade, we encourage you to begin your journey to Microsoft Teams today. Remember that a successful upgrade aligns technical and user readiness, so be sure to leverage the guidance herein as you navigate your journey to Microsoft Teams.

## Step 1: Deploy hybrid connectivity 

The key prerequisite for upgrading your users to Teams is to deploy hybrid connectivity. This might involve deploying new external connectivity for your existing Skype for Business or Lync deployment, or simply configuring a hybrid relationship with your Office 365 tenant. 

For more information, see [Deploy hybrid connectivity between Skype for Business Server and Skype for Business Online](https://docs.microsoft.com/skypeforbusiness/skype-for-business-hybrid-solutions/deploy-hybrid-connectivity/deploy-hybrid-connectivity).

## Step 2: Move users to Skype for Business Online 

After you’ve completed your hybrid setup, move users to Skype for Business Online. 

For more information, see [Move users from on premises to Skype for Business Online](https://docs.microsoft.com/skypeforbusiness/skype-for-business-hybrid-solutions/deploy-hybrid-connectivity/move-users-from-on-premises-to-skype-for-business-online). 

## Step 3: Assign a coexistence and upgrade mode

After you’ve moved your users to Skype for Business Online, you can assign them the appropriate coexistence mode based on the upgrade journey that your organization has chosen. For more information, see [Setting your coexistence and upgrade settings](https://aka.ms/SkypeToTeams-SetCoexistence) and [TeamsUpgradePolicy: managing migration and coexistence](migration-interop-guidance-for-teams-with-skype.md#teamsupgradepolicy-managing-migration-and-co-existence).

> [!NOTE]
> With Skype for Business Server 2019 and a future cumulative update of Skype for Business Server 2015, you’ll be able to perform Step 2 (moving users to Skype for Business Online) and Step 3 (upgrade users to Teams) in a single step. More information will be provided after Skype for Business Server 2019 is released.

## Phone System and Teams upgrade

If you’re transitioning your Skype for Business hybrid deployment to Phone System with Calling Plans and Microsoft will be your public switched telephone network (PSTN) provider—and assuming that you’ve completed the phone number porting—upgrading your users to Teams will automatically transition inbound PSTN calling to Teams.

If Calling Plans isn’t available, you need to transition your enterprise voice deployment to Microsoft Phone System Direct Routing. To upgrade your users to Teams, see the [additional considerations for Phone System Direct Routing](2-envision-make-my-service-decisions-direct-routing.md).
