Teams/expand-teams-across-your-org/teams-for-education-landing-page.md, before:

---
title: Teams for Education
description: Use these resources to get the most out of Teams across your organization.
layout: LandingPage
ms.topic: landing-page
author: lanachin
ms.author: v-lanac
manager: serdars
ms.date: 03/01/2019
ms.service: msteams
ms.collection: Strat_MT_TeamsAdmin
search.appverid: MET150
appliesto: 
- Microsoft Teams
---

# Teams for Education

With Teams, your school or institution can create collaborative classrooms, connect in professional learning communities, and communicate with school staff. Use the admin resources here to help you successfully deploy, adopt, and manage Teams in your institution.  

## Assignments Admin Portal Settings
Assignments are tasks or units of work assigned to a student or team member in a class as part of their study. You can create Assignments within your Teams class.

[Learn more about Assignments.](https://support.office.com/en-ie/article/microsoft-teams-5aa4431a-8a3c-4aa5-87a6-b6401abea114?ui=en-US&rs=en-IE&ad=IE#ID0EAABAAA=Assignments)

Within this admin page you can turn the following features on or off to be available for students and teachers within your tenant. The following are settings related to Assignments.


### Weekly guardian email digest
Guardian emails are weekly emails sent to students' parents or guardians.

This setting is off by default.

The emails will be sent on (Sunday? Saturday?). (Is the time sending configurable?) 

The emails will include (what information?)



### MakeCode
MakeCode is a block-based coding platform that brings computer science to life for all students. 

This is a third party product or service that is subject to its own terms and privacy policy. You are responsible for your use of any third party products and services.

This setting is off by default.

[Learn more about MakeCode.](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/makecode)



### Turnitin

Turnitin is a plagiarism detection service. 

This is a third party product or service that is subject to its own terms and privacy policy. You are responsible for your use of any third party products and services.

This setting is off by default.

In order to successfully enable Turnitin for your tenant, your tenant will need to already have a Turnitin subscription. You will need to input the following additional information, which can be found in your Turnitin admin console:

  * _TurnitinApiKey_: a 32-character GUID found in the admin console under Integrations
  * _TurnitinApiUrl_: the HTTPS URL of your Turnitin admin console

Here are some instructions to obtain this information.

The TurnitinApiUrl is the host address of your admin console.
![Finding the TurnItInApiUrl][./../images/Assignments_mopo_turnitin1.png]

Go to the Integrations tab and add an integration.
![Finding the TurnItInApiUrl][./../images/Assignments_mopo_turnitin2.png]

The TurnitinApiKey will be given to you after you follow the prompts. Copy this key and paste it into the Teams Admin portal. 
![Finding the TurnItInApiUrl][./../images/Assignments_mopo_turnitin3.png]


[Learn more about the integration between TurnItIn and Microsoft Teams.](https://www.turnitin.com/products/feedback-studio/microsoft-teams-integration)

[Learn more about TurnItIn.](https://www.turnitin.com/)



<ul class="panelContent cardsFTitle">
    <li>
        <a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/teams-quick-start-edu">
        <div class="cardSize">
            <div class="cardPadding">
                <div class="card">
                    <div class="cardImageOuter">
                        <div class="cardImage">
                            <img src="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office/media/icons/arrow-right-2-teams.svg" alt="arrow" />
                        </div>
                    </div>
                    <div class="cardText">
                        <h3>Quick start - Teams for Education admins</h3>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
        </a>
    </li>
    <li>
        <a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/resources-teams-edu">
        <div class="cardSize">
            <div class="cardPadding">
                <div class="card">
                    <div class="cardImageOuter">
                        <div class="cardImage">
                            <img src="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office/media/icons/toolbox.svg" alt="toolbox" />
                        </div>
                    </div>
                    <div class="cardText">
                        <h3>Resources for Teams for Education admins</h3>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
        </a>
    </li><li>
        <a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/plan-teams-governance-edu">
        <div class="cardSize">
            <div class="cardPadding">
                <div class="card">
                    <div class="cardImageOuter">
                        <div class="cardImage">
                            <img src="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office/media/icons/sign-up-teams.svg" alt="tutorial" />
                        </div>
                    </div>
                    <div class="cardText">
                        <h3>Governance FAQ for Teams for Education admins</h3>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
        </a>
    </li>
</ul>

Commit message:

Adding images to a new folder

Teams/expand-teams-across-your-org/teams-for-education-landing-page.md, after:

---
title: Teams for Education
description: Use these resources to get the most out of Teams across your organization.
layout: LandingPage
ms.topic: landing-page
author: lanachin
ms.author: v-lanac
manager: serdars
ms.date: 03/01/2019
ms.service: msteams
ms.collection: Strat_MT_TeamsAdmin
search.appverid: MET150
appliesto: 
- Microsoft Teams
---

# Teams for Education

With Teams, your school or institution can create collaborative classrooms, connect in professional learning communities, and communicate with school staff. Use the admin resources here to help you successfully deploy, adopt, and manage Teams in your institution.  

## Assignments Admin Portal Settings
Assignments are tasks or units of work assigned to a student or team member in a class as part of their study. You can create Assignments within your Teams class.

[Learn more about Assignments.](https://support.office.com/en-ie/article/microsoft-teams-5aa4431a-8a3c-4aa5-87a6-b6401abea114?ui=en-US&rs=en-IE&ad=IE#ID0EAABAAA=Assignments)

Within this admin page you can turn the following features on or off to be available for students and teachers within your tenant. The following are settings related to Assignments.


### Weekly guardian email digest
Guardian emails are weekly emails sent to students' parents or guardians. The emails will contain information about assignments from the previous week and for the upcoming week, and will be sent over the weekend. The emails need to be updated by the admins using the School Data Sync feature.

This setting is off by default.


### MakeCode
MakeCode is a block-based coding platform that brings computer science to life for all students. 

This is a third party product or service that is subject to its own terms and privacy policy. You are responsible for your use of any third party products and services.

This setting is off by default.

[Learn more about MakeCode.](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/makecode)


### Turnitin

Turnitin is a plagiarism detection service. 

This is a third party product or service that is subject to its own terms and privacy policy. You are responsible for your use of any third party products and services.

This setting is off by default.

In order to successfully enable Turnitin for your tenant, your tenant will need to already have a Turnitin subscription. You will need to input the following additional information, which can be found in your Turnitin admin console:

  * _TurnitinApiKey_: a 32-character GUID found in the admin console under Integrations
  * _TurnitinApiUrl_: the HTTPS URL of your Turnitin admin console

Here are some instructions to obtain this information.

The TurnitinApiUrl is the host address of your admin console.
![Finding the TurnItInApiUrl](./educationImages/Assignments_mopo_turnitin1.png)

Go to the Integrations tab and add an integration.
![Finding the TurnItInApiUrl](./educationImages/Assignments_mopo_turnitin2.png)

The TurnitinApiKey will be given to you after you follow the prompts. Copy this key and paste it into the Teams Admin portal. 
![Finding the TurnItInApiUrl](./educationImages/Assignments_mopo_turnitin3.png)

[Learn more about the integration between Turnitin and Microsoft Teams.](https://www.turnitin.com/products/feedback-studio/microsoft-teams-integration)

[Learn more about Turnitin.](https://www.turnitin.com/)



<ul class="panelContent cardsFTitle">
    <li>
        <a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/teams-quick-start-edu">
        <div class="cardSize">
            <div class="cardPadding">
                <div class="card">
                    <div class="cardImageOuter">
                        <div class="cardImage">
                            <img src="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office/media/icons/arrow-right-2-teams.svg" alt="arrow" />
                        </div>
                    </div>
                    <div class="cardText">
                        <h3>Quick start - Teams for Education admins</h3>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
        </a>
    </li>
    <li>
        <a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/resources-teams-edu">
        <div class="cardSize">
            <div class="cardPadding">
                <div class="card">
                    <div class="cardImageOuter">
                        <div class="cardImage">
                            <img src="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office/media/icons/toolbox.svg" alt="toolbox" />
                        </div>
                    </div>
                    <div class="cardText">
                        <h3>Resources for Teams for Education admins</h3>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
        </a>
    </li><li>
        <a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/plan-teams-governance-edu">
        <div class="cardSize">
            <div class="cardPadding">
                <div class="card">
                    <div class="cardImageOuter">
                        <div class="cardImage">
                            <img src="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office/media/icons/sign-up-teams.svg" alt="tutorial" />
                        </div>
                    </div>
                    <div class="cardText">
                        <h3>Governance FAQ for Teams for Education admins</h3>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
        </a>
    </li>
</ul>
