Teams/manage-phone-numbers-for-your-organization/phone-number-management-for-australia.md, before:

---
title: "Phone number management for Australia"
author: CarolynRowe
ms.author: crowe
manager: serdars
ms.reviewer: mikedav, roykuntz, jastark
ms.topic: reference
ms.tgt.pltfrm: cloud
ms.service: msteams
search.appverid: MET150
ms.collection:
- Teams_ITAdmin_Help
- M365-voice
audience: Admin
appliesto:
- Microsoft Teams
localization_priority: Normal
f1keywords: None
ms.custom:
- Calling Plans
description: "Use this table to find information on getting and managing phone numbers in Australia for Microsoft Teams."
---

# Phone number management for Australia
In Australia, we have partnered with Telstra for the purchase and provisioning of Calling Plans. Telstra will sell Calling Plans and provide the support for phone number management for both user and service numbers for auto attendants and call queues. However, service numbers and licenses for Audio Conferencing will still be sold and managed by Office 365.

For more information on the [Telstra Calling for Office 365](https://aka.ms/TelstraVoicePlan).

Use this table to find information on getting and managing phone numbers in Australia for Microsoft Teams.

For more information, see  [Manage phone numbers for your organization](manage-phone-numbers-for-your-organization.md).
  
|**What you want to do?**|**Do these steps and download the correct forms**|
|:-----|:-----|
|Get new user phone numbers for Calling Plans in Australia.   <br/> |Please contact [Telstra Calling for Office 365](https://aka.ms/TelstraVoicePlan) for new phone numbers for your users. They will then add those numbers to your organization so you can assign them to your users. <br/>
|If you are utilizing Telstra Calling for Office 365, you may get new service phone numbers that can be used with Cloud auto attendants and call queues for Australia from Telstra. <br/> |Please contact [Telstra Calling for Office 365](https://aka.ms/TelstraVoicePlan) for new phone numbers. They will then add those numbers to your organization so you can assign them to your auto attendants and call queues. If you are NOT utilizing Telstra Calling, you may contact our Microsoft Number ManagementService desk to obtain service numbers from Microsoft [Please contact us](mailto:ptnapac@microsoft.com). <br/>|
|Get new service phone numbers for Audio Conferencing in Australia.   <br/> |[Please contact us](mailto:ptnapac@microsoft.com).|
|Get phone numbers transferred to Office 365 for users, auto attendants and call queues.  <br/> |Please contact [Telstra Calling for Office 365](https://aka.ms/TelstraVoicePlan) to transfer phone numbers. They will then add those numbers to your organization.  <br/> |
|Get phone numbers transferred to Office 365 for use with Audio Conferencing.  |[Please contact us](mailto:ptnapac@microsoft.com) |
|Change emergency addressing assigned to users that have a Call Plan phone number. |Please contact [Telstra Calling for Office 365](https://aka.ms/TelstraVoicePlan) to make emergency address changes. They can update this information for you.|
|Change a user number to a service number. |Supported when using Telstra Calling for Office 365.

## Related topics

[Different kinds of phone numbers used for Calling Plans](../different-kinds-of-phone-numbers-used-for-calling-plans.md)

[Manage phone numbers for your organization](manage-phone-numbers-for-your-organization.md)

[Emergency calling terms and conditions](../emergency-calling-terms-and-conditions.md)

Commit message:

Change to call out billing address

Teams/manage-phone-numbers-for-your-organization/phone-number-management-for-australia.md, after:

---
title: "Phone number management for Australia"
author: CarolynRowe
ms.author: crowe
manager: serdars
ms.reviewer: mikedav, roykuntz, jastark
ms.topic: reference
ms.tgt.pltfrm: cloud
ms.service: msteams
search.appverid: MET150
ms.collection:
- Teams_ITAdmin_Help
- M365-voice
audience: Admin
appliesto:
- Microsoft Teams
localization_priority: Normal
f1keywords: None
ms.custom:
- Calling Plans
description: "Use this table to find information on getting and managing phone numbers in Australia for Microsoft Teams."
---

# Phone number management for Australia
In Australia, we have partnered with Telstra for the purchase and provisioning of Calling Plans for customers with a billing address in Australia. Telstra will sell their Calling Plans, provide Australian user numbers and also provide the support for phone number management for both user and service numbers for auto attendants and call queues. However, service numbers and licenses for Audio Conferencing will still be sold and managed by Office 365.

For more information on the [Telstra Calling for Office 365](https://aka.ms/TelstraVoicePlan).

Use this table to find information on getting and managing phone numbers in Australia for Microsoft Teams.

For more information, see  [Manage phone numbers for your organization](manage-phone-numbers-for-your-organization.md).
  
|**What you want to do?**|**Do these steps and download the correct forms**|
|:-----|:-----|
|Get new user phone numbers for Calling Plans in Australia.   <br/> |Please contact [Telstra Calling for Office 365](https://aka.ms/TelstraVoicePlan) for new phone numbers for your users. They will then add those numbers to your organization so you can assign them to your users. <br/>
|If you are utilizing Telstra Calling for Office 365, you may get new service phone numbers that can be used with Cloud auto attendants and call queues for Australia from Telstra. <br/> |Please contact [Telstra Calling for Office 365](https://aka.ms/TelstraVoicePlan) for new phone numbers. They will then add those numbers to your organization so you can assign them to your auto attendants and call queues. If you are NOT utilizing Telstra Calling, you may contact our Microsoft Number ManagementService desk to obtain service numbers from Microsoft [Please contact us](mailto:ptnapac@microsoft.com). <br/>|
|Get new service phone numbers for Audio Conferencing in Australia.   <br/> |[Please contact us](mailto:ptnapac@microsoft.com).|
|Get phone numbers transferred to Office 365 for users, auto attendants and call queues.  <br/> |Please contact [Telstra Calling for Office 365](https://aka.ms/TelstraVoicePlan) to transfer phone numbers. They will then add those numbers to your organization.  <br/> |
|Get phone numbers transferred to Office 365 for use with Audio Conferencing.  |[Please contact us](mailto:ptnapac@microsoft.com) |
|Change emergency addressing assigned to users that have a Call Plan phone number. |Please contact [Telstra Calling for Office 365](https://aka.ms/TelstraVoicePlan) to make emergency address changes. They can update this information for you.|
|Change a user number to a service number. |Supported when using Telstra Calling for Office 365.

## Related topics

[Different kinds of phone numbers used for Calling Plans](../different-kinds-of-phone-numbers-used-for-calling-plans.md)

[Manage phone numbers for your organization](manage-phone-numbers-for-your-organization.md)

[Emergency calling terms and conditions](../emergency-calling-terms-and-conditions.md)
