Teams/teams-add-on-licensing/pri-message.md, before:

---
title: "Priority Notifications in Teams Messaging "
ms.author: tonysmit
author: tonysmit
manager: serdars
ms.reviewer: mikedav
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: msteams
search.appverid: MET150
MS.collection: 
- Teams_ITAdmin_Help
- M365-collaboration
audience: Admin
appliesto:
- Microsoft Teams
localization_priority: Normal
ms.custom:
- Licensing
- LIL_Placement
description: "Learn about Priority Notifications in Teams Messaging."
---

# Messaging policies licensing

Starting on January 1, 2020, licensed users will be able to send Priority Notifications according to the terms of their subscription. IT Admins will be given reporting on priority notification usage to support appropriate user licensing.

|Segment| |Sending up to 5 messages included per user per month| Sending unlimited messages included per user per month|
|---|---|---|---|
|Enterprise||Office 365 F1 / Microsoft 365 F1<br> Office 365 E1 | Office 365 E3 / Microsoft 365 E3 <br>Office 365 E5 / Microsoft 365 E5
|Education ||Office 365 A1 / Microsoft 365 A1|Office 365 A3 / Microsoft 365 A3<br> Office 365 A5 / Microsoft 365 A5
|SMB       ||Office 365 Business Essentials|Office 365 Business Premium / Microsoft 365 Business|
|||||

<!-- |Government| | |
||GCC|Office 365 F1 / Microsoft 365 F1<br> Microsoft 365 G1|Office 365 G3 / Microsoft 365 G3 <br> Microsoft 365 G5|
||GCC-High| Office 365 F1 / Microsoft 365 F1<br> Office 365 G1| Office 365 G3 / Microsoft 365 G3 Microsoft 365 G5|
||DoD| Office 365 F1 / Microsoft 365 F1<br>Office 365 G1|Office 365 G3 / Microsoft 365 G3| -->

Commit message:

Info on consumption of priority notifications
Added text that "Users will be able to receive unlimited Urgent Messages with Priority Notifications, regardless of license." @jambirk

Teams/teams-add-on-licensing/pri-message.md, after:

---
title: "Priority Notifications in Teams Messaging "
ms.author: tonysmit
author: tonysmit
manager: serdars
ms.reviewer: mikedav
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: msteams
search.appverid: MET150
MS.collection: 
- Teams_ITAdmin_Help
- M365-collaboration
audience: Admin
appliesto:
- Microsoft Teams
localization_priority: Normal
ms.custom:
- Licensing
- LIL_Placement
description: "Learn about Priority Notifications in Teams Messaging."
---

# Messaging policies licensing

Starting on January 1, 2020, licensed users will be able to send Priority Notifications according to the terms of their subscription. IT Admins will be given reporting on priority notification usage to support appropriate user licensing. Users will be able to receive unlimited Urgent Messages with Priority Notifications, regardless of license. 

|Segment| |Sending up to 5 messages included per user per month| Sending unlimited messages included per user per month|
|---|---|---|---|
|Enterprise||Office 365 F1 / Microsoft 365 F1<br> Office 365 E1 | Office 365 E3 / Microsoft 365 E3 <br>Office 365 E5 / Microsoft 365 E5
|Education ||Office 365 A1 / Microsoft 365 A1|Office 365 A3 / Microsoft 365 A3<br> Office 365 A5 / Microsoft 365 A5
|SMB       ||Office 365 Business Essentials|Office 365 Business Premium / Microsoft 365 Business|
|||||

<!-- |Government| | |
||GCC|Office 365 F1 / Microsoft 365 F1<br> Microsoft 365 G1|Office 365 G3 / Microsoft 365 G3 <br> Microsoft 365 G5|
||GCC-High| Office 365 F1 / Microsoft 365 F1<br> Office 365 G1| Office 365 G3 / Microsoft 365 G3 Microsoft 365 G5|
||DoD| Office 365 F1 / Microsoft 365 F1<br>Office 365 G1|Office 365 G3 / Microsoft 365 G3| -->
