---
title: Generating a one-time password (OTP)
ms.author: v-smandalika
author: v-smandalika
manager: serdars
audience: ITPro
ms.reviewer: sohailta
ms.date: 10/27/2023
ms.topic: quickstart
ms.service: msteams
ms.subservice: itpro-rooms
f1.keywords: 
  - NOCSH
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.collection: 
  - M365-collaboration
  - teams-rooms-devices
  - Tier1
ms.custom: seo-marvel-apr2020
ms.assetid: 678689e4-d547-499b-be64-7d8f16dd8668
description: This article is for the IT administrator to learn about how to generate an OTP that will be shared with the system installer personnel.
---

# Generating a one-time password (OTP)

One-time passwords (OTPs) are passwords that are valid for only one sign-in session or transaction. They're usually generated by IT administrators using the Pro Management portal. These OTPs are shared with site technicians who install the meeting rooms and deploy Teams Rooms devices. The site technician then enters the OTP on the Teams Rooms device and completes the setup without ever needing the username and password.

## How to generate a one-time password

To generate an OTP, perform the following steps:

1. Sign in to the Pro Management portal.
1. On the left navigation pane, select **Planning > Resource accounts**. The **Resource accounts** page appears.
1. Select the **Generate OTP** wizard on the command bar.

   :::image type="content" source="../media/resource-accounts-screen.png" alt-text="Screenshot that shows the Resource accounts page." lightbox="../media/resource-accounts-screen.png":::

   The **Account selection** page appears.

1. Select the resource accounts for which you want to generate an OTP, and then select **Next**.

   > [!NOTE]
   > You must select a resource account for which the value in the **Readiness status** column is **No action needed**.
   > You can also search for specific resource accounts using the search bar. However, for this resource account that you've searched for, the **Readiness status** must have the value **No action needed**.

   :::image type="content" source="../media/account-selection.png" alt-text="Screenshot that shows the Account selection page." lightbox="../media/account-selection.png":::

   The **Configuration** page appears.

   :::image type="content" source="../media/configuration-screen.png" alt-text="Screenshot that shows the Configuration page." lightbox="../media/configuration-screen.png":::
  
1. Select the **Automatically generate passwords for all selected accounts** radio button. You'll select this option if you want reset/delete the existing password for the resource accounts that you chose to generate an OTP for, OR
1. Select the **Upload sign in data from CSV file** radio button. You'll select this option if you want to retain the existing password for the resource accounts that you chose to generate an OTP for.
1. Select **Next**. The **Review** page appears.

   :::image type="content" source="../media/review-screen.png" alt-text="Screenshot that shows the Review page." lightbox="../media/review-screen.png":::

1. Review the settings you have configured, and then select **Generate**.

   > [!NOTE]
   > On the **Review** page, if you want to edit the Auto generate passwords setting, select the **Edit** icon next to **Configuration**. Then, select **Generate**.

     :::image type="content" source="../media/edit-auto-generate-passwords.png" alt-text="Screenshot that shows the page on which you can edit the auto generate passwords option." lightbox="../media/edit-auto-generate-passwords.png":::

   > [!NOTE]
   > On the **Review** page, if you want to change the resource accounts for which you want to generate an OTP, select the **Edit** icon next to **Account selection**. Then, select **Generate**.

     :::image type="content" source="../media/edit-account-selection.png" alt-text="Screenshot that shows the page on which you can edit the accounts selected for OTP generation." lightbox="../media/edit-account-selection.png":::

## Verify and approve/reject OTP

You can verify and approve an OTP that was entered by the setup personnel while trying to sign in their Teams Rooms device into the app.

To verify and approve an OTP, perform the following steps:

1. Sign in to the Pro Management portal.
1. On the left navigation pane, select **Planning > Resource accounts**. The **Resource accounts** page appears.
1. Select a resource account which has the value **Awaiting OTP Approval**. The page displaying the details of the chosen resource account appears.
1. Verify the details such as:
   - who made the OTP, which is displayed in the **Requested by** column.
   - date when this OTP was entered on the device, which is displayed in the **Requested date** column.
   - expiration date, which is displayed in the **Expiration date** column.
   - device-related information such as make, model, and serial number, which is displayed in the **Device information** pane.
1. Select the **Approve the request** radio button, if you want to approve the OTP request.
1. Select the **Reject the request** radio button, if you want to reject the OTP request.
1. Select **Resolve OTP request**.