Teams/teams-live-events/plan-for-teams-live-events.md, before:

---
title: Plan for live events in Microsoft Teams
author: tonysmith
ms.author: tonysmit
manager: serdars
ms.topic: article
ms.service: msteams
ms.reviewer: tonysmit
localization_priority: Normal
MS.collection: 
- Teams_ITAdmin_Help
- M365-collaboration
search.appverid: MET150
description: Learn about the factors to consider before you set up live events in Microsoft Teams. 
appliesto: 
- Microsoft Teams
---

# Plan for live events in Microsoft Teams

When you are planning Teams live events to hold large meetings in your organization, there are several factors that you need to consider before starting to set it all up. 

## Who can create and schedule live events? 
The following prerequisites are required for the user to schedule a Teams live event.

Here are the licenses that must be assigned:  
- An Office 365 Enterprise E1, E3 or E5 license or an Office 365 A3 or A5 license. 
- A Microsoft Teams and Microsoft Stream license.

It's important to know that an Office 365 license is required to participate in a live event as an authenticated user but this depends on the production method used:

- **For Quick start production**  The user must be assigned a Microsoft Teams license.
- **For External encoder production** The user must be assigned a Microsoft Stream license.

For more information on licensing, see [Microsoft Teams add-on licensing](../teams-add-on-licensing/microsoft-teams-add-on-licensing.md).

The user must have:
- Private meeting scheduling in Teams enabled (*The TeamsMeetingPolicy -AllowPrivateMeetingScheduling parameter = True*).
- Video sharing enabled in Teams meetings (*The TeamsMeetingPolicy -AllowIPVideo parameter = True*).
- Screen sharing enabled in Teams meetings (*The TeamsMeetingPolicy -ScreenSharingMode parameter = EntireScreen*).
- Live event scheduling in Teams enabled (*The TeamsMeetingBroadcastPolicy -AllowBroadcastScheduling parameter = True*).
- Permissions to create live events in Microsoft Stream (for [external encoder production](#production)).

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Office 365 guests, federated, and anonymous users can't be invited as producers or presenters in Teams live events. Office 365 guest and federated users can only watch live events anonymously. 
 
## Who can watch live events?

|**Attendee visibility**       |**Quick start**  |**External encoder**  |
|------------------------------|-----------------|----------------------|
|Public (anonymous users)      |  Yes            |  No                  |
|Guest users                   |  No<sup>1</sup> |  No                  |
|Everyone in federated company |  No<sup>1</sup> |  No                  |
|Everyone in company           |  Yes            |  Yes                 |
|Specific groups / people      |  Yes            |  Yes                 |

<sup>1</sup> Can only watch live events as anonymous users.

 
## Teams live events and Skype Meeting Broadcast
The following table highlights core capabilities and features offered in live events and how they differ from Skype Meeting Broadcast. 

|**Capability**   |**Skype Meeting Broadcast** |**Events produced in Microsoft Teams** |**Events produced in external app or device** |
|---------|---------|---------|---------|
|Maximum audience size |10,000 attendees |10,000 attendees* |10,000 attendees* |
|Maximum duration of live event |4 hours |4 hours |4 hours |
|Live event creation |   Skype Meeting Broadcast Portal |Teams, Yammer via Teams | Teams, Yammer via Teams, Stream |
|Audience engagement – Yammer |&#x2714; |&#x2714; (integrated experience) |&#x2714; (integrated experience) |
|Audience engagement – Moderated Q & A |&#x2714;  |&#x2714; |&#x2714; |
|Producer client on Windows |&#x2714; (Skype for Business) |&#x2714; (Teams) |&#x2714; (Stream, Teams via Stream Embed) |
|Producer client on Mac |X  | &#x2714; (Teams) |&#x2714; (Stream, Teams via Stream Embed) |
|Attendee count in Producer UI |X  |&#x2714; (Teams) |&#x2714; (Stream, Teams via Stream Embed) |
|Allows multiple presenters |&#x2714; (Skype for Business) |&#x2714; (Teams) |N/A  |
|Invite a presenter during the meeting |&#x2714; (Skype for Business) |X |N/A |
|Presenter join on Web and Mobile |&#x2714; (Skype for Business)  |X |N/A |
|Federated & Guest presenters/attendees |&#x2714; (Skype for Business)  | (coming soon) |N/A |
|Presenter – PSTN access |X |&#x2714; (Teams) |N/A |
|Present a screen |X |&#x2714; (Teams) |N/A |
|Present a PowerPoint (PPT Sharing) |&#x2714; |X (mitigated via screen sharing) |N/A |
|Cloud based meeting recording |&#x2714; |&#x2714; |&#x2714; |
|Auto Publish Recording to Microsoft Stream |X |X |&#x2714; |
|Real Time Captions and Translation |&#x2714; |&#x2714; (coming soon) |X |
|Captions in live event recordings |&#x2714; |&#x2714; (coming soon) |&#x2714; |
|Attendee DVR controls (pause, rewind) |&#x2714; |&#x2714; |&#x2714; |
|Partner eCDN Support |&#x2714; (Hive, Kollective, Ramp) |&#x2714; (Hive, Kollective, Ramp) |&#x2714; (Hive, Kollective, Ramp) |
|Post-broadcast attendance report for Producers |&#x2714; |&#x2714; |X |
|Audience Sentiment Analysis – Live voting & polls |&#x2714; (Microsoft Pulse) |X |X |

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The limits that are set might be changed.

## Regional availability
You can use Teams live events in multiple regions across the world. The following information shows availability for event team members and attendees. 

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The region for the event is automatically selected depending on the organizer and the Office 365 organization.

**Available in these regions**
- Americas
- Europe/Africa
- Asia Pacific
- Go Local Canada

**Exclusions and considerations**
- **Go Locals:** United Kingdom, India, Australia, Japan and other Microsoft Teams Go Locals are not currently supported.
- **China:** Event team members and attendees will not be able to use Teams live events because Azure CDN is not accessible in China. A workaround is to use a company VPN connection, which gets the client connected to CDN via the customer's corporate network.

## Next steps
Go to [Set up for Teams live events](set-up-for-teams-live-events.md).

### Related topics
- [What are Teams live events?](what-are-teams-live-events.md)
- [Set up for Teams live events](set-up-for-teams-live-events.md)
- [Configure live events settings in Teams](configure-teams-live-events.md)

Commit message:

Changes made to plan-for-teams-live-events
Actions Taken
- added link "Get started with MS Teams"article: https://support.office.com/en-us/article/get-started-with-microsoft-teams-live-events-d077fec2-a058-483e-9ab5-1494afda578a

-Merged, Powershell command for Teams Policy and update the prerequisite on "Who can schedule a live meeting"
Ref: "Get started with MS Teams"article: https://support.office.com/en-us/article/get-started-with-microsoft-teams-live-events-d077fec2-a058-483e-9ab5-1494afda578a
add ref: https://support.office.com/en-us/article/get-started-with-microsoft-teams-live-events-d077fec2-a058-483e-9ab5-1494afda578a

-For Skype for Business use Skype Meeting Broadcast while in TeamsOnly kindly use Teams Live Event.
REF: What are Microsoft Teams live events? https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/teams-live-events/what-are-teams-live-events

- Teams live events are considered the next version of Skype Meeting Broadcast
Ref: Live events in Microsoft Teams https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Microsoft-Teams-Blog/Live-events-in-Microsoft-Teams/ba-p/214955

-Added Teams Live Event with Coexistence of Teams and Skype for Business
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/teams-and-skypeforbusiness-coexistence-and-interoperability

Teams/teams-live-events/plan-for-teams-live-events.md, after:

---
title: Plan for live events in Microsoft Teams
author: tonysmith
ms.author: tonysmit
manager: serdars
ms.topic: article
ms.service: msteams
ms.reviewer: tonysmit
localization_priority: Normal
MS.collection: 
- Teams_ITAdmin_Help
- M365-collaboration
search.appverid: MET150
description: Learn about the factors to consider before you set up live events in Microsoft Teams. 
appliesto: 
- Microsoft Teams
---

# Plan for live events in Microsoft Teams

When you are planning Teams live events to hold large meetings in your organization, there are several factors that you need to consider before starting to set it all up. 

## Who can create and schedule live events? 
The following prerequisites are required for the user to schedule a Teams live event.

- An Office 365 Enterprise E3 or E5 license or an Office 365 A3 or A5 license.
- Skype for Business Online and Microsoft Stream license is a requirement to use Teams live events.
- Permission to create live events in Microsoft Teams admin center.
- Permission to create live events in Microsoft Stream (for [external encoder production](#production)).
- Full team membership in the org (can’t be a guest or from another org).
- The following Teams meeting policy should be turned on in Teams Admin Center
  - Private meeting scheduling (*The TeamsMeetingBroadcastPolicy -AllowBroadcastScheduling parameter = True*).
  - Screensharing (*The TeamsMeetingPolicy -ScreenSharingMode parameter = EntireScreen*).
  - IP video sharing (*The TeamsMeetingPolicy -AllowIPVideo parameter = True*).
 
To learn more , see [Get started with Microsoft Teams live events](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/get-started-with-microsoft-teams-live-events-d077fec2-a058-483e-9ab5-1494afda578a)

#### Teams Live Event with Coexistence of Teams and Skype for Business
   - **TeamsOnly Mode** - use Teams Live Event
   - **Skype for Business Only** - use Skype Meeting Broadcast.
   - **Island** - runs in both event, Teams Live Event or Skype Meeting Broadcast based from which the communication was initiated.

> Teams live events are considered the next version of Skype Meeting Broadcast and will eventually replace the capabilities provided in Skype Meeting Broadcast. At this point, Microsoft will continue to support Skype Meeting Broadcast for users who are using Skype for Business in their organizations, with no disruption in service for new or future events. However, we encourage you to try out Teams live events to leverage all the new and exciting features including screen sharing and support for external hardware/software encoders.

It's important to know that an Office 365 license is required to participate in a live event as an authenticated user but this depends on the production method used:

- **For Quick start production**  The user must be assigned a Microsoft Teams license.
- **For External encoder production** The user must be assigned a Microsoft Stream license.

For more information, see [Microsoft Teams live events production method](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/teams-live-events/what-are-teams-live-events)
For more information on licensing, see [Microsoft Teams add-on licensing](../teams-add-on-licensing/microsoft-teams-add-on-licensing.md).

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Office 365 guests, federated, and anonymous users can't be invited as producers or presenters in Teams live events. Office 365 guest and federated users can only watch live events anonymously. 
 
## Who can watch live events?

|**Attendee visibility**       |**Quick start**  |**External encoder**  |
|------------------------------|-----------------|----------------------|
|Public (anonymous users)      |  Yes            |  No                  |
|Guest users                   |  No<sup>1</sup> |  No                  |
|Everyone in federated company |  No<sup>1</sup> |  No                  |
|Everyone in company           |  Yes            |  Yes                 |
|Specific groups / people      |  Yes            |  Yes                 |

<sup>1</sup> Can only watch live events as anonymous users.

 
## Teams live events and Skype Meeting Broadcast
The following table highlights core capabilities and features offered in live events and how they differ from Skype Meeting Broadcast. 

|**Capability**   |**Skype Meeting Broadcast** |**Events produced in Microsoft Teams** |**Events produced in external app or device** |
|---------|---------|---------|---------|
|Maximum audience size |10,000 attendees |10,000 attendees* |10,000 attendees* |
|Maximum duration of live event |4 hours |4 hours |4 hours |
|Live event creation |   Skype Meeting Broadcast Portal |Teams, Yammer via Teams | Teams, Yammer via Teams, Stream |
|Audience engagement – Yammer |&#x2714; |&#x2714; (integrated experience) |&#x2714; (integrated experience) |
|Audience engagement – Moderated Q & A |&#x2714;  |&#x2714; |&#x2714; |
|Producer client on Windows |&#x2714; (Skype for Business) |&#x2714; (Teams) |&#x2714; (Stream, Teams via Stream Embed) |
|Producer client on Mac |X  | &#x2714; (Teams) |&#x2714; (Stream, Teams via Stream Embed) |
|Attendee count in Producer UI |X  |&#x2714; (Teams) |&#x2714; (Stream, Teams via Stream Embed) |
|Allows multiple presenters |&#x2714; (Skype for Business) |&#x2714; (Teams) |N/A  |
|Invite a presenter during the meeting |&#x2714; (Skype for Business) |X |N/A |
|Presenter join on Web and Mobile |&#x2714; (Skype for Business)  |X |N/A |
|Federated & Guest presenters/attendees |&#x2714; (Skype for Business)  | (coming soon) |N/A |
|Presenter – PSTN access |X |&#x2714; (Teams) |N/A |
|Present a screen |X |&#x2714; (Teams) |N/A |
|Present a PowerPoint (PPT Sharing) |&#x2714; |X (mitigated via screen sharing) |N/A |
|Cloud based meeting recording |&#x2714; |&#x2714; |&#x2714; |
|Auto Publish Recording to Microsoft Stream |X |X |&#x2714; |
|Real Time Captions and Translation |&#x2714; |&#x2714; (coming soon) |X |
|Captions in live event recordings |&#x2714; |&#x2714; (coming soon) |&#x2714; |
|Attendee DVR controls (pause, rewind) |&#x2714; |&#x2714; |&#x2714; |
|Partner eCDN Support |&#x2714; (Hive, Kollective, Ramp) |&#x2714; (Hive, Kollective, Ramp) |&#x2714; (Hive, Kollective, Ramp) |
|Post-broadcast attendance report for Producers |&#x2714; |&#x2714; |X |
|Audience Sentiment Analysis – Live voting & polls |&#x2714; (Microsoft Pulse) |X |X |

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The limits that are set might be changed.

## Regional availability
You can use Teams live events in multiple regions across the world. The following information shows availability for event team members and attendees. 

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The region for the event is automatically selected depending on the organizer and the Office 365 organization.

**Available in these regions**
- Americas
- Europe/Africa
- Asia Pacific
- Go Local Canada

**Exclusions and considerations**
- **Go Locals:** United Kingdom, India, Australia, Japan and other Microsoft Teams Go Locals are not currently supported.
- **China:** Event team members and attendees will not be able to use Teams live events because Azure CDN is not accessible in China. A workaround is to use a company VPN connection, which gets the client connected to CDN via the customer's corporate network.

## Next steps
Go to [Set up for Teams live events](set-up-for-teams-live-events.md).

### Related topics
- [What are Teams live events?](what-are-teams-live-events.md)
- [Set up for Teams live events](set-up-for-teams-live-events.md)
- [Configure live events settings in Teams](configure-teams-live-events.md)
