Skype/SfbPartnerCertification/certification/devices-pcs.md, before:

---
title: "Phones and Devices for Skype for Business - PCs"
ms.author: jambirk
author: jambirk
manager: serdars
ms.reviewer: dougand
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt.pltfrm: lync
ms.service: skype-for-business
ms.collection: Lync
audience: Admin
appliesto:
- Lync
- Skype for Business 
localization_priority: Normal
f1keywords: None
ms.custom:
- Skype for Business Certification
- dn947482
description: "Skype for Businees Certification of PCs ensures that workers can use their PCs as their complete unified communications endpoint"
---

# PCs

The PCs certification ensures that workers can use their PCs as their unified communications endpoint when dedicated audio or video peripherals are not available. Form factors tested include all-in-one desktops, convertible tablets, laptops and monitors.

All of these form factors are tested to deliver:
- High-definition audio and optimal speaker and mic placement for conference calls.
- Rich, crisp video, at up to 1080p resolution\*, and with a wide field of view, so that video conferencing is easier and more useful.

\* Check manufacturer’s documentation to see if the product supports 720p or 1080p.

> [!NOTE]
> This list only includes devices certified within the last 2-3 years (current cut-off date is 1/1/2015).

## PCs

|Manufacturer | Model| Qualification Date|
|:--- |:--- |:--- |
| HP| HP EliteOne 800 G5 | 6/26/2019 | 
| Lenovo | ThinkBook 14s | 6/26/2019 | 
| Dell | Vostro 5390 / 5391 | 5/3/2019 | 
| Lenovo | P1 / X1 Extreme | 10/18/2018 | 
| Dell | OptiPlex 5270 | 5/3/2019 | 
| Dell | OptiPlex 7470 | 5/3/2019 | 
| Dell | OptiPlex 7770 | 5/3/2019 | 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E590 / R590 | 2/19/2019 | 
| HP| ProBook 650 G5 | 6/20/2019 | 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E495 | 6/11/2019 | 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T590 / P53s | 6/11/2019 | 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad X390 | 6/11/2019 | 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad L490 | 6/11/2019 | 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad L590 | 6/11/2019 | 
| Dell | Vostro 7590 | 6/11/2019 | 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E490s / S3 | 1/18/2019 | 
| Acer | Predator PH317-53 | 5/6/2019 | 
| Acer | Nitro AN517-51 | 5/6/2019 | 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T490s | 5/3/2019 | 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T490 / P43s | 5/3/2019 | 
| Acer | Predator PH315-52 | 5/3/2019 | 
| Dell | Latitude 7400  | 5/3/2019 | 
| Dell | Latitude 5300 2-in-1 | 3/29/2019 | 
| Acer | TravelMate P614-51 | 3/28/2019 | 
| HP | EliteBook x360 830 G5 | 3/20/2019 | 
| Dell | Latitude 5300 | 3/20/2019 | 
| Lenovo | Thinkpad X390 yoga | 3/20/2019 | 
| Dell | Latitude 7300  | 3/20/2019 | 
| Dell | Latitude 5500/Prec 3540 | 3/20/2019 | 
| Lenovo | V540  | 3/20/2019 | 
| HP | EliteBook x360 1040 G5 | 3/20/2019 | 
| Acer | Predator PT515-51 | 3/8/2019 | 
| Dell | Latitude 5400 / 5403 / 5401 | 3/8/2019 | 
| Dell | Latitude 7400 2-in-1 | 3/8/2019 | 
| Acer | Nitro AN515-54 | 3/8/2019 | 
| Acer | TravelMate X514-51 | 3/8/2019 | 
| Acer | Aspire A715-73G | 3/8/2019 | 
| Acer | Aspire A715-74G | 3/8/2019 | 
| Acer | Nitro AN715-51  | 3/8/2019 | 
| Acer | Aspire A515-52 / A515-52G | 1/18/2019 | 
| HP | ProBook 455 G6 | 1/16/2019 | 
| HP | ProBook 445 G6 | 1/16/2019 | 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E490 / R490 | 12/12/2018 | 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad L390 Yoga | 12/12/2018 | 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad X1 Carbon (5th) | 12/12/2018 | 
| HP | ProBook 430 G6 | 12/12/2018 | 
| HP | ProBook 450 G6 | 12/12/2018 | 
| Acer | Swift 3/ SF314-56 | 12/12/2018 | 
| HP | ProBook 440 G6 | 11/27/2018 | 
| Acer | Swift 5 / SF515-51T | 11/26/2018 | 
| Acer | TravelMate X3410 / X3310 | 10/29/2018 | 
| Lenovo | A285 | 10/29/2018 | 
| Lenovo | P72 | 10/29/2018 | 
| Acer| Veriton Z6860G / VA890| 09/19/2018| 
| Acer | Z24-890 / Aspire Z24-891 | 09/19/2018| 
| HP| EliteOne 1000 G2 27-in| 08/17/2018| 
| HP| EliteOne 1000 G2 23.8| 08/17/2018| 
| HP| EliteBook x360 1030 G3| 08/17/2018| 
| HP| ProOne 400 G4 20.0-in Non-Touch| 08/17/2018| 
| HP| ProOne 600 G4| 08/17/2018| 
| HP| EliteOne 800 G4 AIO PC| 08/17/2018| 
| HP| ProOne 400 G4 23.8-in Non Touch | 08/17/2018| 
| Acer| Swift 3/ SF314-55| 08/10/2018| 
| Acer| Aspire 5/A515-52/A515-52G| 07/27/2018| 
| Lenovo | ThinkCentre M920z All-in-One| 07/24/2018| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad P51| 07/16/2018| 
| HP| ZBook 15 G5| 06/26/2018| 
| HP| EliteOne 1000 G2 AIO PC| 06/26/2018| 
| HP| ProBook X360 440 G1| 06/26/2018| 
| HP| ZBook 17 G5| 06/26/2018| 
| HP| ProBook 645 G4| 05/25/2018| 
| HP| ZBook 15v G5| 05/25/2018| 
| Lenovo | Thinkpad X1 Carbon(6th Generation)| 05/25/2018| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad P52| 05/25/2018| 
| Lenovo | Lenovo V530s-14IKB / WEI6-14IKB / ZHAOYANG K43-80| 05/25/2018| 
| HP| EliteBook 745 G5| 04/30/2018| 
| HP| EliteBook 735 G5| 04/30/2018| 
| HP| EliteBook 755 G5| 04/30/2018| 
| HP| ProBook 640 G4| 04/30/2018| 
| HP| EliteBook 830 G5| 04/30/2018| 
| Acer| Aspire A515-51G| 04/12/2018| 
| Acer| Swift 3 / SF315-52| 04/12/2018| 
| HP| ProBook 650 G4| 04/02/2018| 
| Acer| Swift 3/SF314-54/SF314-54| 03/14/2018| 
| Acer| Helios 500 / PH517-41| 03/14/2018| 
| HP| ProBook 455 G5| 03/14/2018| 
| Dell | OptiPlex 7760| 03/12/2018| 
| HP| EliteBook 840r G4| 03/12/2018| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E585| 03/12/2018| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E485| 03/12/2018| 
| Dell | OptiPlex 7460| 03/08/2018| 
| Dell | OptiPlex 5260| 03/07/2018| 
| Lenovo | Lenovo V330 / E53| 02/12/2018| 
| Acer| Swift 1 / SF114-32| 01/25/2018| 
| Acer| Helios 300 / PH315-51| 01/25/2018| 
| Acer| Predator Helios 500| 01/25/2018| 
| HP| EliteBook 840 G5| 01/25/2018| 
| HP| EliteBook 850 G5| 01/25/2018| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad X1 Yoga (3rd Generation)| 01/25/2018| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad Yoga380| 01/25/2018| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad L380 / ThinkPad S2 3rd Gen| 01/25/2018| 
| Microsoft | Surface Book 2-15”| 01/09/2018| 
| Dell | Precision 7530 IR| 01/09/2018| 
| Dell | Latitude 5591 IR| 01/09/2018| 
| Dell | Latitude 5491 IR| 01/09/2018| 
| Dell | Latitude 5591 HD| 01/09/2018| 
| Dell | Latitude 5491 HD| 01/09/2018| 
| Dell | Precision 7730 IR| 01/09/2018| 
| Dell | Precision 7730 HD| 01/09/2018| 
| Dell | Precision 7530 HD| 01/05/2018| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad L480| 01/05/2018| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T580 / ThinkPad P52s| 12/12/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T480s| 12/12/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad L580| 12/12/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T480| 12/12/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 5495 HD| 12/11/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad X280| 12/11/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad X1 Carbon(6th Generation)| 12/11/2017| 
| Acer| Spin 3 (SP314-51)| 11/17/2017| 
| Acer| Aspire S24-880| 11/17/2017| 
| Acer| Spin3 / SP314-51| 11/17/2017| 
| Acer| Swift 3 / SF315-41| 11/17/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 5290 HD| 10/17/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7490 IR| 10/17/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 5590 IR| 10/17/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 5495 IR| 10/17/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 5290 IR| 10/17/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7390 2-in-1 3mm| 10/03/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7390 IR| 10/03/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7390 2-in-1 IR| 10/03/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7490 3mm camera| 10/03/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 5490 IR| 10/03/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7390 2-in-1 HD| 10/03/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E480| 10/03/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad R480| 10/03/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E580| 10/03/2017| 
| HP| EliteBook 1040 G4| 09/22/2017| 
| HP| EliteOne 1000 G1 All-in-One PC| 09/20/2017| 
| HP| EliteOne 1000 G1 34-in| 09/20/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 5490 HD| 09/07/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7390 HD| 09/07/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7490 HD| 09/07/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7290 HD| 09/07/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 5590 HD| 09/07/2017| 
| HP| EliteBook x360 1020 G2| 08/15/2017| 
| HP| ProBook 440 G5| 08/15/2017| 
| HP| ProBook 430 G5| 08/15/2017| 
| HP| ProBook 450 G5| 08/15/2017| 
| HP| ProBook 470 G5| 08/15/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad A475| 08/14/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad A275| 08/14/2017| 
| Acer| Spin5 / SP513-52| 08/04/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T475| 08/04/2017| 
| HP| EliteOne 1000 G1 27-in| 07/24/2017| 
| HP| EliteOne 1000 G1 23.8| 07/24/2017| 
| Acer| Spin5 / SP515-51G| 07/18/2017| 
| Acer| Swift 5 / SF514-52T| 07/18/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7389 3mm| 06/26/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7389 IR| 06/26/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7389 RGB| 06/26/2017| 
| Acer| Nitro 5/AN515-41| 06/20/2017| 
| Acer| Predator Triton 700 / PT7| 06/06/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7380 HD| 06/06/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7380 3mm camera| 06/06/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7380 IR| 06/06/2017| 
| Acer| Predator Helios 300 (PH317-51)| 06/01/2017| 
| Acer| Swift 3 / SF315-51| 06/01/2017| 
| HP| ProOne 400 G3 20-inch All-in-One PC| 06/01/2017| 
| HP| ProOne 600 G3 21.5-in| 06/01/2017| 
| HP| ProOne 400 G3 20.0-in| 06/01/2017| 
| Acer| Aspire 7 (A717-71)| 05/12/2017| 
| Acer| Aspire 5 (A515-41)| 05/12/2017| 
| Acer| Aspire U27-880| 05/03/2017| 
| Acer| Aspire 7 (A715-71)| 04/20/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad X1 Carbon(5th Generation)| 04/14/2017| 
| Acer| Predator Helios 300 (G3 572)| 04/13/2017| 
| Acer| Swift 3 (SF315-41)| 03/15/2017| 
| Acer| Swift 3 /SF314-52 Suntory| 03/15/2017| 
| Acer| Swift 1 / SF113-31 (Asahi)| 03/15/2017| 
| HP| Elite x2 1012 G2| 03/15/2017| 
| HP| ZBook 17 G4| 03/15/2017| 
| HP| ZBook Studio G4| 03/15/2017| 
| HP| ZBook 15 G4| 03/15/2017| 
| HP| EliteOne 800 G1 All-in-One PC| 02/20/2017| 
| Acer| Predator 21| 01/19/2017| 
| Acer| V 15 Nitro (Black Edition)| 01/19/2017| 
| Acer| Aspire V 17 Nitro| 01/19/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 5289 TS| 01/19/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 5289 IR| 01/19/2017| 
| Dell | Precision 7520| 01/19/2017| 
| Dell | Precision 7720| 01/19/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude-7389| 01/19/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7480 IR / Latitude 7480-01 IR| 01/19/2017| 
| HP| EliteBook x360 1030 G2| 01/19/2017| 
| HP| ProBook 640 G3| 01/19/2017| 
| HP| ProBook 645 G3| 01/19/2017| 
| HP| ProBook 650 G3| 01/19/2017| 
| HP| ProBook 655 G3| 01/19/2017| 
| HP| Sprout by HP G2| 01/19/2017| 
| HP| EliteBook x360 1030 G2| 01/19/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad X1 Yoga (2nd Generation)| 01/19/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad Yoga370| 01/19/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad S5| 01/19/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T570 / ThinkPad P51s| 01/19/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T470p| 01/11/2017| 
| HP| EliteOne 800 G3| 010/3/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 5580/ Precision 3520| 12/07/2016| 
| Dell | Latitude 5480| 12/07/2016| 
| Dell | Latitude 5280 Non-Touch| 12/07/2016| 
| Dell | Latitude 7280| 12/07/2016| 
| Dell | Latitude 5480 IR| 12/07/2016| 
| Dell | Latitude 7480 3mm camera / Latitude 7480-01 3mm camera| 12/07/2016| 
| Dell | Latitude 7480 Non-Touch / Latitude 7480-01 Non-Touch| 12/07/2016| 
| Dell | Latitude 7480 Touch / Latitude 7480-01 Touch| 12/07/2016| 
| Dell | Latitude 7280 Non-Touch / Latitude 7280-01 Non-Touch| 12/07/2016| 
| Dell | Latitude 7280 IR / Latitude 7280-01 IR| 12/07/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad P51| 12/07/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad P71| 12/07/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad L570| 12/07/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad X270| 12/04/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T470| 12/04/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T470s| 12/04/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T470p| 12/04/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad L470| 12/04/2016| 
| Dell | Latitude 5280 IR| 12/03/2016| 
| Dell | Latitude 5280 Touch| 12/03/2016| 
| Dell | Latitude 5580 IR/ Precision 3520 IR| 12/03/2016| 
| HP| EliteBook 725 G4| 12/03/2016| 
| HP| EliteBook 745 G4| 12/03/2016| 
| HP| EliteBook 755 G4| 12/03/2016| 
| HP| EliteBook 820 G4| 12/03/2016| 
| HP| EliteBook 840 G4| 12/03/2016| 
| HP| EliteBook 850 G4| 12/03/2016| 
| HP| ZBook 14u G4| 12/03/2016| 
| HP| ZBook 15u G4| 12/03/2016| 
| HP| ProBook 455 G4| 11/13/2016| 
| HP| ProBook 450 G4| 11/13/2016| 
| HP| ProBook 470 G4| 11/13/2016| 
| Acer| Spin 1| 11/06/2016| 
| Acer| R 15 Spirit(Stinger)| 11/06/2016| 
| Acer| Aspire VX15| 11/01/2016| 
| Dell | Precision 5720| 11/01/2016| 
| Dell | OptiPlex 3050| 11/01/2016| 
| HP| Spectre x360 Convertible| 11/01/2016| 
| HP| ProBook 430 G4| 11/01/2016| 
| HP| ProBook 440 G4| 11/01/2016| 
| HP| Elite Slice| 09/30/2016| 
| HP| Slice| 09/28/2016| 
| Acer| Spin 5 (SP515-51)| 09/18/2016| 
| Acer| Spin 7| 09/18/2016| 
| Acer| TravelMate P449| 09/18/2016| 
| Acer| TravelMate P459| 09/18/2016| 
| Acer| TravelMate X3| 09/18/2016| 
| Acer| Pavo| 09/18/2016| 
| Acer| TravelMate P4| 09/18/2016| 
| Acer| Aspire S13 Ultra S7-371| 09/18/2016| 
| Acer| R 14 Ultra / R7-471T | 09/18/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad Yoga 260| 09/16/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E470| 09/16/2016| 
| Dell | OptiPlex 5250| 09/16/2016| 
| Dell | OptiPlex 7450| 09/16/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E470| 09/16/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E570 (With JBL)| 09/16/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E570 (Without JBL)| 09/16/2016| 
| HP| EliteBook 1030 G1| 07/14/2016| 
| Acer| Aspire R 13 Spirit (Drift)| 07/13/2016| 
| Acer| Aspire E 15/ (E5-553)| 07/13/2016| 
| Acer| Aspire E15 (E5-524)| 07/13/2016| 
| HP| EliteBook 1030 G1| 07/13/2016| 
| HP| ZBook Studio G3| 07/13/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E560p 3D | 07/13/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E560p| 07/13/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T460p| 07/13/2016| 
| HP| EliteBook G1| 05/25/2016| 
| Acer| Aspire E17| 04/06/2016| 
| Acer| Aspire F 17| 04/06/2016| 
| Acer| Aspire E 14| 04/06/2016| 
| Acer| Predator 17 X| 04/06/2016| 
| Acer| Aspire F15| 03/10/2016| 
| Acer| Aspire R15| 03/09/2016| 
| Acer| Switch 12 S| 03/09/2016| 
| Acer| Aspire R 15| 03/09/2016| 
| HP| Z1 G3 24in AIO Touch| 03/09/2016| 
| HP| Z1 G3 24in AIO Non-Touch| 03/09/2016| 
| Acer| AIO Vwoody| 02/16/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad L560| 02/16/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad X1 Yoga| 02/16/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad X1 Carbon | 02/16/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T560| 02/16/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkCentre X1| 12/22/2015| 
| Acer| TravelMate P6| 12/17/2015| 
| Dell | Latitude E7370| 12/17/2015| 
| HP| EliteBook 850 G3| 12/17/2015| 
| HP| EliteBook 840 G3| 12/17/2015| 
| HP| ZBook 15u G3| 12/17/2015| 
| HP| EliteBook 820 G3| 12/17/2015| 
| HP| EliteBook Folio G3| 12/17/2015| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad L460| 12/17/2015| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad X260| 12/17/2015| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T460| 12/17/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire S13| 12/15/2015| 
| Acer| Veriton Z6820G| 12/15/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire R14| 11/16/2015| 
| HP| ZPL 445| 11/16/2015| 
| HP| EliteBook 725 G3| 11/16/2015| 
| HP| EliteBook 755 G3| 11/16/2015| 
| HP| EliteBook 745 G3| 11/16/2015| 
| HP| ProOne 400 AIO| 11/16/2015| 
| HP| ZPL 55| 11/16/2015| 
| HP| ProOne 600 G2| 11/16/2015| 
| Dell | Latitude E7270 Touch| 10/12/2015| 
| Dell | Latitude E7270| 10/12/2015| 
| Dell | E7470 Non-Touch| 10/12/2015| 
| Dell | E7470 BC14 Touch| 10/12/2015| 
| Dell | BC14 Touch| 10/12/2015| 
| Dell | BC14 Non-Touch| 10/12/2015| 
| Dell | Latitude E5470 Non-Touch| 10/12/2015| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad Yoga 460| 10/12/2015| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad P50| 10/12/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire V17| 09/25/2015| 
| Dell | E5270 Touch| 09/25/2015| 
| Dell | E5270 Non-Touch| 09/25/2015| 
| Dell | Latitude E5570 Touch| 09/25/2015| 
| HP| ProBook 455 G3| 09/25/2015| 
| HP| ProBook 470 G3| 09/25/2015| 
| HP| ProBook 430 G3| 09/25/2015| 
| HP| ProBook 440 G3| 09/25/2015| 
| HP| ProBook 450 G3| 09/25/2015| 
| Lenovo | ThinkCentre M900z All-in-One| 09/25/2015| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad P70| 09/25/2015| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T460S| 09/25/2015| 
| Acer| Predator 15| 09/02/2015| 
| Acer| Predator 17/G9-791| 09/02/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire V15 Nitro| 09/02/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire V13| 09/02/2015| 
| Dell | OptiPlex 22 3000 All-in-One (3240)| 09/02/2015| 
| Dell | Precision 7510 | 09/02/2015| 
| Dell | Precision 7710| 09/02/2015| 
| Dell | Latitude E5470 Touch| 09/02/2015| 
| Dell | Latitude E5570 Non-Touch| 09/02/2015| 
| HP| ProBook 440 G2| 09/02/2015| 
| HP| ProBook 450 G2 (ZPL50)| 09/02/2015| 
| HP| AIO 705 Touch| 09/02/2015| 
| HP| AIO EliteOne 800 G2| 09/02/2015| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E560| 09/02/2015| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E460| 09/02/2015| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E560 Non-JBL| 09/02/2015| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad P70| 08/26/2015| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad P50| 08/17/2015| 
| Dell | OptiPlex 3240| 08/14/2015| 
| Acer| TravelMate B1| 07/14/2015| 
| Dell | OptiPlex 24 7000 All-in-one (7440)| 07/14/2015| 
| Dell | AIO Bluefin| 07/14/2015| 
| HP| ProBook 470 G2| 07/14/2015| 
| HP| Z Book 17| 06/23/2015| 
| HP| EliteBook Folio 1020 G1| 06/23/2015| 
| Acer| AspireV15_V3-574| 05/29/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire R11 (R3-131T)| 05/29/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire E15 (E5-532)| 04/30/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire E Series| 04/22/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire E14 E5-432| 03/18/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire E15 E5-552| 03/18/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire E14 E5-452| 03/18/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire E14 ET-422| 03/18/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire E17 E5-752| 03/18/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire E17 E5-722| 03/18/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire E17| 03/18/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire E14| 03/18/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire E15| 03/18/2015| 
| Acer| TravelMate P236| 02/04/2015| 
| Acer| TravelMate P446| 02/04/2015| 

## Monitors
|Manufacturer | Model| Qualification Date|
|:--- |:--- |:--- |
| HP| Healthcare Edition HC270c| 03/12/2018| 
| Dell | P2418HZm| 10/13/2017| 
| HP| EliteDisplay E273m 27"| 07/18/2017| 
| HP| E243m| 06/20/2017| 
| Dell | P2418Hz | 01/19/2017| 
| HP| S340C| 12/04/2016| 
| HP| E240_C | 07/14/2015| 
| HP| P222C-H33| 05/22/2015| 


> [!NOTE]
> Monitors require an embedded camera and embedded speakerphone, both passing Lync Logo specs (including USB HID support). The display is not tested.

If you are a vendor seeking to join the certification program, see [How to Join](how-to-join.md) for requirements and available programs.

Commit message:

announcing that PC program is no longer active
content reviewed by marketing, OEM division, and also OEM partners prior to posting this update.

additional minor update: adding a small number of PCs certified since the last edit (and changing the date granularity to only show month of certification so that when we have a couple other that trickle in after today we can list as june 2019 and avoid confusion relative to teh June end of certification (i.e., ones that started before the end date and we'll allow to complete the process).

@jambirk

Skype/SfbPartnerCertification/certification/devices-pcs.md, after:

---
title: "Phones and Devices for Skype for Business - PCs"
ms.author: jambirk
author: jambirk
manager: serdars
ms.reviewer: dougand
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt.pltfrm: lync
ms.service: skype-for-business
ms.collection: Lync
audience: Admin
appliesto:
- Lync
- Skype for Business 
localization_priority: Normal
f1keywords: None
ms.custom:
- Skype for Business Certification
- dn947482
description: "Skype for Businees Certification of PCs ensures that workers can use their PCs as their complete unified communications endpoint"
---

# PCs
Effective June 2019, the Skype for Business certification program for Personal Computers is no longer active. Microsoft and the PC OEMs will continue to support PCs that were previously certified, but no new devices will be certified. Personal Computers are not certified under the Microsoft Teams devices certification program. 
The listing of recent Skype for Business PC certifications will be maintained for a transitionary period so customers can determine which PCs had been previously certified. However, it is recommended customers no longer include Skype for Business PC certification as a prerequisite for future purchasing decisions (or RFQs) since new models will not be certified.

When the Skype for Business PC certification program was active, PCs were tested to deliver:

- High-definition audio and optimal speaker and mic placement for conference calls.
- Rich, crisp video, at up to 1080p resolution\*, and with a wide field of view, so that video conferencing is easier and more useful.

\* Check manufacturer’s documentation to see if the product supports 720p or 1080p.

> [!NOTE]
> This list only includes devices certified after 1/1/2015.

## PCs

|Manufacturer | Model| Qualification Date|
|:--- |:--- |:--- |
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E595 | 6/2019 |
| HP| ProOne 400 G5 20-inch| 6/2019 |
| HP| EliteOne 800 G5 | 6/2019 |
| Lenovo | ThinkBook 14s | 6/2019 | 
| Dell | Vostro 5390 / 5391 | 5/2019 |
| Lenovo | P1 / X1 Extreme | 10/18/2018 | 
| Dell | OptiPlex 5270 | 5/3/2019 | 
| Dell | OptiPlex 7470 | 5/3/2019 | 
| Dell | OptiPlex 7770 | 5/3/2019 | 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E590 / R590 | 2/19/2019 | 
| HP| ProBook 650 G5 | 6/20/2019 | 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E495 | 6/11/2019 | 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T590 / P53s | 6/11/2019 | 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad X390 | 6/11/2019 | 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad L490 | 6/11/2019 | 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad L590 | 6/11/2019 | 
| Dell | Vostro 7590 | 6/11/2019 | 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E490s / S3 | 1/18/2019 | 
| Acer | Predator PH317-53 | 5/6/2019 | 
| Acer | Nitro AN517-51 | 5/6/2019 | 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T490s | 5/3/2019 | 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T490 / P43s | 5/3/2019 | 
| Acer | Predator PH315-52 | 5/3/2019 | 
| Dell | Latitude 7400  | 5/3/2019 | 
| Dell | Latitude 5300 2-in-1 | 3/29/2019 | 
| Acer | TravelMate P614-51 | 3/28/2019 | 
| HP | EliteBook x360 830 G5 | 3/20/2019 | 
| Dell | Latitude 5300 | 3/20/2019 | 
| Lenovo | Thinkpad X390 yoga | 3/20/2019 | 
| Dell | Latitude 7300  | 3/20/2019 | 
| Dell | Latitude 5500/Prec 3540 | 3/20/2019 | 
| Lenovo | V540  | 3/20/2019 | 
| HP | EliteBook x360 1040 G5 | 3/20/2019 | 
| Acer | Predator PT515-51 | 3/8/2019 | 
| Dell | Latitude 5400 / 5403 / 5401 | 3/8/2019 | 
| Dell | Latitude 7400 2-in-1 | 3/8/2019 | 
| Acer | Nitro AN515-54 | 3/8/2019 | 
| Acer | TravelMate X514-51 | 3/8/2019 | 
| Acer | Aspire A715-73G | 3/8/2019 | 
| Acer | Aspire A715-74G | 3/8/2019 | 
| Acer | Nitro AN715-51  | 3/8/2019 | 
| Acer | Aspire A515-52 / A515-52G | 1/18/2019 | 
| HP | ProBook 455 G6 | 1/16/2019 | 
| HP | ProBook 445 G6 | 1/16/2019 | 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E490 / R490 | 12/12/2018 | 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad L390 Yoga | 12/12/2018 | 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad X1 Carbon (5th) | 12/12/2018 | 
| HP | ProBook 430 G6 | 12/12/2018 | 
| HP | ProBook 450 G6 | 12/12/2018 | 
| Acer | Swift 3/ SF314-56 | 12/12/2018 | 
| HP | ProBook 440 G6 | 11/27/2018 | 
| Acer | Swift 5 / SF515-51T | 11/26/2018 | 
| Acer | TravelMate X3410 / X3310 | 10/29/2018 | 
| Lenovo | A285 | 10/29/2018 | 
| Lenovo | P72 | 10/29/2018 | 
| Acer| Veriton Z6860G / VA890| 09/19/2018| 
| Acer | Z24-890 / Aspire Z24-891 | 09/19/2018| 
| HP| EliteOne 1000 G2 27-in| 08/17/2018| 
| HP| EliteOne 1000 G2 23.8| 08/17/2018| 
| HP| EliteBook x360 1030 G3| 08/17/2018| 
| HP| ProOne 400 G4 20.0-in Non-Touch| 08/17/2018| 
| HP| ProOne 600 G4| 08/17/2018| 
| HP| EliteOne 800 G4 AIO PC| 08/17/2018| 
| HP| ProOne 400 G4 23.8-in Non Touch | 08/17/2018| 
| Acer| Swift 3/ SF314-55| 08/10/2018| 
| Acer| Aspire 5/A515-52/A515-52G| 07/27/2018| 
| Lenovo | ThinkCentre M920z All-in-One| 07/24/2018| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad P51| 07/16/2018| 
| HP| ZBook 15 G5| 06/26/2018| 
| HP| EliteOne 1000 G2 AIO PC| 06/26/2018| 
| HP| ProBook X360 440 G1| 06/26/2018| 
| HP| ZBook 17 G5| 06/26/2018| 
| HP| ProBook 645 G4| 05/25/2018| 
| HP| ZBook 15v G5| 05/25/2018| 
| Lenovo | Thinkpad X1 Carbon(6th Generation)| 05/25/2018| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad P52| 05/25/2018| 
| Lenovo | Lenovo V530s-14IKB / WEI6-14IKB / ZHAOYANG K43-80| 05/25/2018| 
| HP| EliteBook 745 G5| 04/30/2018| 
| HP| EliteBook 735 G5| 04/30/2018| 
| HP| EliteBook 755 G5| 04/30/2018| 
| HP| ProBook 640 G4| 04/30/2018| 
| HP| EliteBook 830 G5| 04/30/2018| 
| Acer| Aspire A515-51G| 04/12/2018| 
| Acer| Swift 3 / SF315-52| 04/12/2018| 
| HP| ProBook 650 G4| 04/02/2018| 
| Acer| Swift 3/SF314-54/SF314-54| 03/14/2018| 
| Acer| Helios 500 / PH517-41| 03/14/2018| 
| HP| ProBook 455 G5| 03/14/2018| 
| Dell | OptiPlex 7760| 03/12/2018| 
| HP| EliteBook 840r G4| 03/12/2018| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E585| 03/12/2018| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E485| 03/12/2018| 
| Dell | OptiPlex 7460| 03/08/2018| 
| Dell | OptiPlex 5260| 03/07/2018| 
| Lenovo | Lenovo V330 / E53| 02/12/2018| 
| Acer| Swift 1 / SF114-32| 01/25/2018| 
| Acer| Helios 300 / PH315-51| 01/25/2018| 
| Acer| Predator Helios 500| 01/25/2018| 
| HP| EliteBook 840 G5| 01/25/2018| 
| HP| EliteBook 850 G5| 01/25/2018| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad X1 Yoga (3rd Generation)| 01/25/2018| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad Yoga380| 01/25/2018| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad L380 / ThinkPad S2 3rd Gen| 01/25/2018| 
| Microsoft | Surface Book 2-15”| 01/09/2018| 
| Dell | Precision 7530 IR| 01/09/2018| 
| Dell | Latitude 5591 IR| 01/09/2018| 
| Dell | Latitude 5491 IR| 01/09/2018| 
| Dell | Latitude 5591 HD| 01/09/2018| 
| Dell | Latitude 5491 HD| 01/09/2018| 
| Dell | Precision 7730 IR| 01/09/2018| 
| Dell | Precision 7730 HD| 01/09/2018| 
| Dell | Precision 7530 HD| 01/05/2018| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad L480| 01/05/2018| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T580 / ThinkPad P52s| 12/12/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T480s| 12/12/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad L580| 12/12/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T480| 12/12/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 5495 HD| 12/11/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad X280| 12/11/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad X1 Carbon(6th Generation)| 12/11/2017| 
| Acer| Spin 3 (SP314-51)| 11/17/2017| 
| Acer| Aspire S24-880| 11/17/2017| 
| Acer| Spin3 / SP314-51| 11/17/2017| 
| Acer| Swift 3 / SF315-41| 11/17/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 5290 HD| 10/17/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7490 IR| 10/17/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 5590 IR| 10/17/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 5495 IR| 10/17/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 5290 IR| 10/17/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7390 2-in-1 3mm| 10/03/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7390 IR| 10/03/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7390 2-in-1 IR| 10/03/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7490 3mm camera| 10/03/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 5490 IR| 10/03/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7390 2-in-1 HD| 10/03/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E480| 10/03/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad R480| 10/03/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E580| 10/03/2017| 
| HP| EliteBook 1040 G4| 09/22/2017| 
| HP| EliteOne 1000 G1 All-in-One PC| 09/20/2017| 
| HP| EliteOne 1000 G1 34-in| 09/20/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 5490 HD| 09/07/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7390 HD| 09/07/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7490 HD| 09/07/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7290 HD| 09/07/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 5590 HD| 09/07/2017| 
| HP| EliteBook x360 1020 G2| 08/15/2017| 
| HP| ProBook 440 G5| 08/15/2017| 
| HP| ProBook 430 G5| 08/15/2017| 
| HP| ProBook 450 G5| 08/15/2017| 
| HP| ProBook 470 G5| 08/15/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad A475| 08/14/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad A275| 08/14/2017| 
| Acer| Spin5 / SP513-52| 08/04/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T475| 08/04/2017| 
| HP| EliteOne 1000 G1 27-in| 07/24/2017| 
| HP| EliteOne 1000 G1 23.8| 07/24/2017| 
| Acer| Spin5 / SP515-51G| 07/18/2017| 
| Acer| Swift 5 / SF514-52T| 07/18/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7389 3mm| 06/26/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7389 IR| 06/26/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7389 RGB| 06/26/2017| 
| Acer| Nitro 5/AN515-41| 06/20/2017| 
| Acer| Predator Triton 700 / PT7| 06/06/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7380 HD| 06/06/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7380 3mm camera| 06/06/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7380 IR| 06/06/2017| 
| Acer| Predator Helios 300 (PH317-51)| 06/01/2017| 
| Acer| Swift 3 / SF315-51| 06/01/2017| 
| HP| ProOne 400 G3 20-inch All-in-One PC| 06/01/2017| 
| HP| ProOne 600 G3 21.5-in| 06/01/2017| 
| HP| ProOne 400 G3 20.0-in| 06/01/2017| 
| Acer| Aspire 7 (A717-71)| 05/12/2017| 
| Acer| Aspire 5 (A515-41)| 05/12/2017| 
| Acer| Aspire U27-880| 05/03/2017| 
| Acer| Aspire 7 (A715-71)| 04/20/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad X1 Carbon(5th Generation)| 04/14/2017| 
| Acer| Predator Helios 300 (G3 572)| 04/13/2017| 
| Acer| Swift 3 (SF315-41)| 03/15/2017| 
| Acer| Swift 3 /SF314-52 Suntory| 03/15/2017| 
| Acer| Swift 1 / SF113-31 (Asahi)| 03/15/2017| 
| HP| Elite x2 1012 G2| 03/15/2017| 
| HP| ZBook 17 G4| 03/15/2017| 
| HP| ZBook Studio G4| 03/15/2017| 
| HP| ZBook 15 G4| 03/15/2017| 
| HP| EliteOne 800 G1 All-in-One PC| 02/20/2017| 
| Acer| Predator 21| 01/19/2017| 
| Acer| V 15 Nitro (Black Edition)| 01/19/2017| 
| Acer| Aspire V 17 Nitro| 01/19/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 5289 TS| 01/19/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 5289 IR| 01/19/2017| 
| Dell | Precision 7520| 01/19/2017| 
| Dell | Precision 7720| 01/19/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude-7389| 01/19/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 7480 IR / Latitude 7480-01 IR| 01/19/2017| 
| HP| EliteBook x360 1030 G2| 01/19/2017| 
| HP| ProBook 640 G3| 01/19/2017| 
| HP| ProBook 645 G3| 01/19/2017| 
| HP| ProBook 650 G3| 01/19/2017| 
| HP| ProBook 655 G3| 01/19/2017| 
| HP| Sprout by HP G2| 01/19/2017| 
| HP| EliteBook x360 1030 G2| 01/19/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad X1 Yoga (2nd Generation)| 01/19/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad Yoga370| 01/19/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad S5| 01/19/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T570 / ThinkPad P51s| 01/19/2017| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T470p| 01/11/2017| 
| HP| EliteOne 800 G3| 010/3/2017| 
| Dell | Latitude 5580/ Precision 3520| 12/07/2016| 
| Dell | Latitude 5480| 12/07/2016| 
| Dell | Latitude 5280 Non-Touch| 12/07/2016| 
| Dell | Latitude 7280| 12/07/2016| 
| Dell | Latitude 5480 IR| 12/07/2016| 
| Dell | Latitude 7480 3mm camera / Latitude 7480-01 3mm camera| 12/07/2016| 
| Dell | Latitude 7480 Non-Touch / Latitude 7480-01 Non-Touch| 12/07/2016| 
| Dell | Latitude 7480 Touch / Latitude 7480-01 Touch| 12/07/2016| 
| Dell | Latitude 7280 Non-Touch / Latitude 7280-01 Non-Touch| 12/07/2016| 
| Dell | Latitude 7280 IR / Latitude 7280-01 IR| 12/07/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad P51| 12/07/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad P71| 12/07/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad L570| 12/07/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad X270| 12/04/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T470| 12/04/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T470s| 12/04/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T470p| 12/04/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad L470| 12/04/2016| 
| Dell | Latitude 5280 IR| 12/03/2016| 
| Dell | Latitude 5280 Touch| 12/03/2016| 
| Dell | Latitude 5580 IR/ Precision 3520 IR| 12/03/2016| 
| HP| EliteBook 725 G4| 12/03/2016| 
| HP| EliteBook 745 G4| 12/03/2016| 
| HP| EliteBook 755 G4| 12/03/2016| 
| HP| EliteBook 820 G4| 12/03/2016| 
| HP| EliteBook 840 G4| 12/03/2016| 
| HP| EliteBook 850 G4| 12/03/2016| 
| HP| ZBook 14u G4| 12/03/2016| 
| HP| ZBook 15u G4| 12/03/2016| 
| HP| ProBook 455 G4| 11/13/2016| 
| HP| ProBook 450 G4| 11/13/2016| 
| HP| ProBook 470 G4| 11/13/2016| 
| Acer| Spin 1| 11/06/2016| 
| Acer| R 15 Spirit(Stinger)| 11/06/2016| 
| Acer| Aspire VX15| 11/01/2016| 
| Dell | Precision 5720| 11/01/2016| 
| Dell | OptiPlex 3050| 11/01/2016| 
| HP| Spectre x360 Convertible| 11/01/2016| 
| HP| ProBook 430 G4| 11/01/2016| 
| HP| ProBook 440 G4| 11/01/2016| 
| HP| Elite Slice| 09/30/2016| 
| HP| Slice| 09/28/2016| 
| Acer| Spin 5 (SP515-51)| 09/18/2016| 
| Acer| Spin 7| 09/18/2016| 
| Acer| TravelMate P449| 09/18/2016| 
| Acer| TravelMate P459| 09/18/2016| 
| Acer| TravelMate X3| 09/18/2016| 
| Acer| Pavo| 09/18/2016| 
| Acer| TravelMate P4| 09/18/2016| 
| Acer| Aspire S13 Ultra S7-371| 09/18/2016| 
| Acer| R 14 Ultra / R7-471T | 09/18/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad Yoga 260| 09/16/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E470| 09/16/2016| 
| Dell | OptiPlex 5250| 09/16/2016| 
| Dell | OptiPlex 7450| 09/16/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E470| 09/16/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E570 (With JBL)| 09/16/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E570 (Without JBL)| 09/16/2016| 
| HP| EliteBook 1030 G1| 07/14/2016| 
| Acer| Aspire R 13 Spirit (Drift)| 07/13/2016| 
| Acer| Aspire E 15/ (E5-553)| 07/13/2016| 
| Acer| Aspire E15 (E5-524)| 07/13/2016| 
| HP| EliteBook 1030 G1| 07/13/2016| 
| HP| ZBook Studio G3| 07/13/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E560p 3D | 07/13/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E560p| 07/13/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T460p| 07/13/2016| 
| HP| EliteBook G1| 05/25/2016| 
| Acer| Aspire E17| 04/06/2016| 
| Acer| Aspire F 17| 04/06/2016| 
| Acer| Aspire E 14| 04/06/2016| 
| Acer| Predator 17 X| 04/06/2016| 
| Acer| Aspire F15| 03/10/2016| 
| Acer| Aspire R15| 03/09/2016| 
| Acer| Switch 12 S| 03/09/2016| 
| Acer| Aspire R 15| 03/09/2016| 
| HP| Z1 G3 24in AIO Touch| 03/09/2016| 
| HP| Z1 G3 24in AIO Non-Touch| 03/09/2016| 
| Acer| AIO Vwoody| 02/16/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad L560| 02/16/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad X1 Yoga| 02/16/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad X1 Carbon | 02/16/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T560| 02/16/2016| 
| Lenovo | ThinkCentre X1| 12/22/2015| 
| Acer| TravelMate P6| 12/17/2015| 
| Dell | Latitude E7370| 12/17/2015| 
| HP| EliteBook 850 G3| 12/17/2015| 
| HP| EliteBook 840 G3| 12/17/2015| 
| HP| ZBook 15u G3| 12/17/2015| 
| HP| EliteBook 820 G3| 12/17/2015| 
| HP| EliteBook Folio G3| 12/17/2015| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad L460| 12/17/2015| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad X260| 12/17/2015| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T460| 12/17/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire S13| 12/15/2015| 
| Acer| Veriton Z6820G| 12/15/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire R14| 11/16/2015| 
| HP| ZPL 445| 11/16/2015| 
| HP| EliteBook 725 G3| 11/16/2015| 
| HP| EliteBook 755 G3| 11/16/2015| 
| HP| EliteBook 745 G3| 11/16/2015| 
| HP| ProOne 400 AIO| 11/16/2015| 
| HP| ZPL 55| 11/16/2015| 
| HP| ProOne 600 G2| 11/16/2015| 
| Dell | Latitude E7270 Touch| 10/12/2015| 
| Dell | Latitude E7270| 10/12/2015| 
| Dell | E7470 Non-Touch| 10/12/2015| 
| Dell | E7470 BC14 Touch| 10/12/2015| 
| Dell | BC14 Touch| 10/12/2015| 
| Dell | BC14 Non-Touch| 10/12/2015| 
| Dell | Latitude E5470 Non-Touch| 10/12/2015| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad Yoga 460| 10/12/2015| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad P50| 10/12/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire V17| 09/25/2015| 
| Dell | E5270 Touch| 09/25/2015| 
| Dell | E5270 Non-Touch| 09/25/2015| 
| Dell | Latitude E5570 Touch| 09/25/2015| 
| HP| ProBook 455 G3| 09/25/2015| 
| HP| ProBook 470 G3| 09/25/2015| 
| HP| ProBook 430 G3| 09/25/2015| 
| HP| ProBook 440 G3| 09/25/2015| 
| HP| ProBook 450 G3| 09/25/2015| 
| Lenovo | ThinkCentre M900z All-in-One| 09/25/2015| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad P70| 09/25/2015| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad T460S| 09/25/2015| 
| Acer| Predator 15| 09/02/2015| 
| Acer| Predator 17/G9-791| 09/02/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire V15 Nitro| 09/02/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire V13| 09/02/2015| 
| Dell | OptiPlex 22 3000 All-in-One (3240)| 09/02/2015| 
| Dell | Precision 7510 | 09/02/2015| 
| Dell | Precision 7710| 09/02/2015| 
| Dell | Latitude E5470 Touch| 09/02/2015| 
| Dell | Latitude E5570 Non-Touch| 09/02/2015| 
| HP| ProBook 440 G2| 09/02/2015| 
| HP| ProBook 450 G2 (ZPL50)| 09/02/2015| 
| HP| AIO 705 Touch| 09/02/2015| 
| HP| AIO EliteOne 800 G2| 09/02/2015| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E560| 09/02/2015| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E460| 09/02/2015| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad E560 Non-JBL| 09/02/2015| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad P70| 08/26/2015| 
| Lenovo | ThinkPad P50| 08/17/2015| 
| Dell | OptiPlex 3240| 08/14/2015| 
| Acer| TravelMate B1| 07/14/2015| 
| Dell | OptiPlex 24 7000 All-in-one (7440)| 07/14/2015| 
| Dell | AIO Bluefin| 07/14/2015| 
| HP| ProBook 470 G2| 07/14/2015| 
| HP| Z Book 17| 06/23/2015| 
| HP| EliteBook Folio 1020 G1| 06/23/2015| 
| Acer| AspireV15_V3-574| 05/29/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire R11 (R3-131T)| 05/29/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire E15 (E5-532)| 04/30/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire E Series| 04/22/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire E14 E5-432| 03/18/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire E15 E5-552| 03/18/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire E14 E5-452| 03/18/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire E14 ET-422| 03/18/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire E17 E5-752| 03/18/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire E17 E5-722| 03/18/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire E17| 03/18/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire E14| 03/18/2015| 
| Acer| Aspire E15| 03/18/2015| 
| Acer| TravelMate P236| 02/04/2015| 
| Acer| TravelMate P446| 02/04/2015| 

## Monitors
|Manufacturer | Model| Qualification Date|
|:--- |:--- |:--- |
| HP| Healthcare Edition HC270c| 03/12/2018| 
| Dell | P2418HZm| 10/13/2017| 
| HP| EliteDisplay E273m 27"| 07/18/2017| 
| HP| E243m| 06/20/2017| 
| Dell | P2418Hz | 01/19/2017| 
| HP| S340C| 12/04/2016| 
| HP| E240_C | 07/14/2015| 
| HP| P222C-H33| 05/22/2015| 


> [!NOTE]
> Monitors require an embedded camera and embedded speakerphone, both passing Lync Logo specs (including USB HID support). The display is not tested.

If you are a vendor seeking to join the certification program, see [How to Join](how-to-join.md) for requirements and available programs.
