---
title: 'Lync Server 2013: Understanding reports created by Best Practices Analyzer'
ms.reviewer: 
ms.author: kenwith
author: kenwith
TOCTitle: Understanding reports created by Best Practices Analyzer
ms:assetid: 1386dd6c-7f3e-4da9-905b-cef1468bf14a
ms:mtpsurl: https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/Gg591344(v=OCS.15)
ms:contentKeyID: 48183471
ms.date: 07/23/2014
mtps_version: v=OCS.15
---

<div data-xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">

<div class="topic" data-xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" data-msxsl="urn:schemas-microsoft-com:xslt" data-cs="http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/">

<div data-asp="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/asp">

# Understanding reports created by Best Practices Analyzer in Lync Server 2013

</div>

<div id="mainSection">

<div id="mainBody">

<span> </span>

_**Topic Last Modified:** 2012-10-10_

Best Practices Analyzer provides multiple types of reports that are organized to facilitate the analysis and resolution of issues. Best Practices Analyzer identifies issues such as errors, warnings, and other information.

<div>

## Reports

You can access the results of a scan by viewing each of the following reports:

  - **List reports**   List reports are organized by specific criteria. You can arrange the results by class, severity, or issue. For example, if you organize results by class, issues related to Directors are included under the Directors section of the report. You can view all of the issues, or just the informational items. You can search a list report for specific items, such as memory. You can also print the report or export it.

  - **Tree reports**   Tree reports are organized by the rules that are used to run the scan and other options that you specified at the time the scan was run. For example, issues related to the Test Topology rules are included under the Test Topology section of the report. You can view the details of all the issues, or just a summary of the issues. You can search a tree report for specific items, such as memory. You can also print the report or export it.

  - **Other reports**   Items in other reports include the run-time log of tasks that were included in the scan. You can search the items in other reports for specific items, such as memory. You can also print the report or export it.

</div>

<div>

## Issues

The reports generated by Best Practices Analyzer indicate specific issues that are identified during the scan of your environment, including following types of issues:

  - **Errors**   Critical issues that require you to make a change in your environment. For example, if Lync Server 2013 Core Components are not installed, an error is logged.
    
    Issues that are classified as errors are identified in the report by a red X symbol. Errors are displayed on the **All Issues** tab of the **List Reports** view, and on the **Detailed View** tab and the **Summary View** tab of the **Tree Reports** view. If you do not want to see a specific error in a report, you can specify that the error not be shown for a single instance or for all instances of that error in the report. The error is then displayed only on the **Hidden Items** tab of the **Other Reports** view, unless you change the setting and specify that the error be displayed in the report.

  - **Warnings**   Issues that are not consistent with the implementation of a best practice. This may or may not indicate the need for a change in your environment. The issue could be a known issue with a specific setting that you do not need to change. For example, services that are not started on a server are logged as warnings.
    
    Issues that are classified as warnings are identified in the report by a triangular yellow warning symbol. Warnings are displayed on the **All Issues** tab of the **List Reports** view, as well as on the **Detailed View** tab and the **Summary View** tab of the **Tree Reports** view. If you do not want to see a specific error in a report, you can specify that the error not be shown for a single instance or for all instances of that error in the report. The warning is then displayed only on the **Hidden Items** tab of the **Other Reports** view, unless you change the setting and specify that the warning be displayed in the report.

  - **Information**   Includes all issues that are not classified as errors or warnings. For example, the number of Lync Server 2013 Standard Edition server objects in Active Directory Domain Services is classified as an information issue.
    
    Information issues are displayed on the **All Issues** tab of the **List Reports** view, and on the **Detailed View** tab of the **Tree Reports** view.

The Lync Server 2013, Best Practices Analyzer does not make changes to your environment to resolve issues. The scan only detects potential issues and provides reports that contain information about how to resolve each issue.

If you click an issue, an explanation and some options are displayed for specific issues. Then, you can do any of the following:

  - Find more detailed information about the issue, and how to resolve it.

  - Stop showing issues in reports:
    
      - Stop showing issues for the selected instance.
    
      - Stop showing issues for all instances of that issue.
    
    To see the issues you have stopped showing in reports, go to the **Hidden Items** tab of the **Other Reports** view. From there, you can specify to start showing issues in reports again.

For details about resolving specific issues, see [Analyzing and resolving issues identified by Best Practices Analyzer in Lync Server 2013](lync-server-2013-analyzing-and-resolving-issues-identified-by-best-practices-analyzer.md).

</div>

</div>

<span> </span>

</div>

</div>

</div>

