---
title: "Test-CsComputer"
ms.author: kenwith
author: kenwith
manager: johmar
ms.date: 3/15/2017
ms.audience: ITPro
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: office-online-server
localization_priority: Normal
ms.assetid: 0b33d951-510d-445c-9b01-c6431fda6d47
description: "The Test-CsComputer cmdlet verifies the status of the Skype for Business Server 2015 services running on the local computer. The cmdlet also verifies that the appropriate Skype for Business Server 2015 Active Directory groups have been added to the corresponding local groups on the computer, and that the necessary computer firewall ports have been opened. This cmdlet was introduced in Lync Server 2010."
---

# Test-CsComputer
[]
The **Test-CsComputer** cmdlet verifies the status of the Skype for Business Server 2015 services running on the local computer. The cmdlet also verifies that the appropriate Skype for Business Server 2015 Active Directory groups have been added to the corresponding local groups on the computer, and that the necessary computer firewall ports have been opened. This cmdlet was introduced in Lync Server 2010.
  
```
Test-CsComputer [-Report <String>]

```

## Examples

### EXAMPLE 1

The command shown in Example 1 verifies the service activation status for the local computer. The Verbose parameter is included in the command to ensure that the success (or failure) of the operation is fully reported on the screen.
  
```
Test-CsComputer -Verbose
```

### EXAMPLE 2

Example 2 also verifies the service activation status of the local computer. In addition, this command writes detailed information about the activation status to the file C:\Logs\Computer.html. This log is generated by including the Report parameter followed by the full path to the log file where the information should be recorded.
  
```
Test-CsComputer -Verbose -Report C:\Logs\Computer.html
```

## Detailed Description

The **Test-CsComputer** cmdlet is an example of a Skype for Business Server 2015 "synthetic transaction." Synthetic transactions are used in Skype for Business Server 2015 to verify that users are able to successfully complete common tasks such as logging on to the system, exchanging instant messages, or making calls to a phone located on the public switched telephone network (PSTN). These tests can be conducted manually by an administrator, or they can be run automatically by an application such as Microsoft System Center Operations Manager (formerly Microsoft Operations Manager).
  
The **Test-CsComputer** cmdlet, which can be run only on the local computer, verifies the status of all the Skype for Business Server 2015 services on that computer. The cmdlet also checks to see if the appropriate firewall ports have been opened on the computer, and determines whether or not the Active Directory groups created when you installed Skype for Business Server 2015 have been added to the corresponding local groups. For example, the **Test-CsComputer** cmdlet will verify that the Active Directory group RTCUniversalUserAdmins has been added to the local Administrators group.
  
## Parameters

|**Parameter**|**Required**|**Type**|**Description**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|
| _Report_ <br/> |Optional  <br/> |System.String  <br/> |Enables you to specify a file path for the log file created when the cmdlet runs. For example:  `-Report "C:\Logs\Computer.html"`. If this file already exists, it will be overwritten when you run the cmdlet.  <br/> |
   
## Input Types

None. The **Test-CsComputer** cmdlet does not accept pipelined input.
  
## Return Types

The **Test-CsComputer** cmdlet returns an instance of the Microsoft.Rtc.SyntheticTransactions.TaskOutput object.
  
## See also

#### 

[Disable-CsComputer](disable-cscomputer.md)
  
[Enable-CsComputer](enable-cscomputer.md)
  
[Get-CsComputer](get-cscomputer.md)

