Teams/country-and-region-availability-for-audio-conferencing-and-calling-plans/availability-in-japan.md, before:

---
title: "Availability in Japan"
ms.author: crowe
author: CarolynRowe
manager: serdars
ms.reviewer: mikedav, jastark, oscarr
ms.topic: reference
ms.assetid: 4057f7de-09cd-400e-a583-ca1c3caa7613
ms.tgt.pltfrm: cloud
ms.service: msteams
ms.collection: 
- M365-collaboration
- Teams_ITAdmin_Help
- M365-voice
search.appverid: MET150
audience: Admin
appliesto:
- Skype for Business 
- Microsoft Teams
localization_priority: Normal
ROBOTS: NOINDEX, NOFOLLOW
f1keywords: None
ms.custom:
- Audio Conferencing
- Phone System
- Calling Plans
description: "Here are the Office 365 services for Skype for Business and Microsoft Teams available for Japan."
---

# Availability in Japan

[Find another country or region](country-and-region-availability-for-audio-conferencing-and-calling-plans.md), or learn more about country and region availability for Audio Conferencing and calling plans.

Here are the Office 365 services for Skype for Business and Microsoft Teams available for Japan.
  
## Audio Conferencing

|**Feature**|**Details**|
|:-----|:-----|
|Is Audio Conferencing available for purchase?  <br/> |Yes  <br/> |
|Are phone numbers automatically assigned for Audio Conferencing?  <br/> |Yes, for:<br/><ul><li> Tokyo</ul> If you want dedicated phone numbers, see [Getting service phone numbers for Skype for Business and Microsoft Teams](/microsoftteams/getting-service-phone-numbers).  <br/> |
|Dial-out capability using the Call Me feature  <br/> |Available  <br/> |
   
## Phone System

|**Feature**|**Details**|
|:-----|:-----|
|Is Phone System available for purchase?  <br/> |Yes  <br/> |
| Auto attendants <br/> |Available  <br/> |
|Call queues  <br/> |Available  <br/> |
|Voicemail  <br/> |Available  <br/> |
   
## Calling Plans

|**Feature**|**Details**|
|:-----|:-----|
|Calling Plans are available to purchase?  <br/> |No  <br/> |
|Minutes available for Calling Plans  <br/> |Not applicable  <br/> |
|Can make outbound calls to?  <br/> |Not applicable  <br/> |
   
## Toll and toll-free numbers for services

|**Feature**|**Details**|
|:-----|:-----|
|What capitals or major cities can you get toll numbers for?  <br/> |Tokyo  <br/> |
|Are toll numbers available?  <br/> |Yes  <br/> |
|Are toll-free numbers available?  <br/> |Yes  <br/> |
   
 If you want to get toll and toll-free phone numbers for Audio Conferencing, Auto attendants, and Call queues, see [Getting service phone numbers for Skype for Business and Microsoft Teams](/microsoftteams/getting-service-phone-numbers).
  
## Communications Credits

|**Feature**|**Details**|
|:-----|:-----|
|Are Communications Credits available?  <br/> |Yes  <br/> |
   
If you want to set them up, see [Set up Communications Credits for your organization](../set-up-communications-credits-for-your-organization.md).
  
## Related topics

[Getting service phone numbers for Skype for Business and Microsoft Teams](/microsoftteams/getting-service-phone-numbers)

[Country and region availability for Audio Conferencing and Calling Plans](country-and-region-availability-for-audio-conferencing-and-calling-plans.md)

Commit message:

Added Japan topic and made updates for Calling Plans in Japan

Teams/country-and-region-availability-for-audio-conferencing-and-calling-plans/availability-in-japan.md, after:

---
title: "Availability in Japan"
ms.author: crowe
author: CarolynRowe
manager: serdars
ms.reviewer: mikedav, jastark, oscarr
ms.topic: reference
ms.assetid: 4057f7de-09cd-400e-a583-ca1c3caa7613
ms.tgt.pltfrm: cloud
ms.service: msteams
ms.collection: 
- M365-collaboration
- Teams_ITAdmin_Help
- M365-voice
search.appverid: MET150
audience: Admin
appliesto:
- Skype for Business 
- Microsoft Teams
localization_priority: Normal
ROBOTS: NOINDEX, NOFOLLOW
f1keywords: None
ms.custom:
- Audio Conferencing
- Phone System
- Calling Plans
description: "Here are the Office 365 services for Skype for Business and Microsoft Teams available for Japan."
---

# Availability in Japan

[Find another country or region](country-and-region-availability-for-audio-conferencing-and-calling-plans.md), or learn more about country and region availability for Audio Conferencing and calling plans.

Here are the Office 365 services for Skype for Business and Microsoft Teams available for Japan.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Using SoftBank for calling in Japan is currently only available to Early Adopters (EA).
  
## Audio Conferencing

|**Feature**|**Details**|
|:-----|:-----|
|Is Audio Conferencing available for purchase?  <br/> |Yes  <br/> |
|Are phone numbers automatically assigned for Audio Conferencing?  <br/> |Yes, for:<br/><ul><li> Tokyo</ul> If you want dedicated phone numbers, see [Getting service phone numbers for Skype for Business and Microsoft Teams](/microsoftteams/getting-service-phone-numbers).  <br/> |
|Dial-out capability using the Call Me feature  <br/> |Available  <br/> |
   
## Phone System

|**Feature**|**Details**|
|:-----|:-----|
|Is Phone System available for purchase?  <br/> |Yes  <br/> |
| Auto attendants <br/> |Available  <br/> |
|Call queues  <br/> |Available  <br/> |
|Voicemail  <br/> |Available  <br/> |
   
## Calling Plans
> [!IMPORTANT]
> Only available through SoftBank for Japanese-based tenants. 
> For more information, see [SoftBank Calling for Office 365](https://aka.ms/SoftBankVoicePlan)).

|**Feature**|**Details**|
|:-----|:-----|
|Calling Plans are available to purchase?  <br/> |Yes,  see [SoftBank Calling for Office 365](https://aka.ms/SoftBankVoicePlan).  <br/> |
|Minutes available for Calling Plans  <br/> |See [SoftBank Calling for Office 365](https://aka.ms/SoftBankVoicePlan). <br/> |
|Can make outbound calls to?  <br/> |See [SoftBank Calling for Office 365](https://aka.ms/SoftBankVoicePlan). <br/> |

> [!IMPORTANT]
> To delete user (subscriber) numbers in Japan (Provided by SoftBank) please contact SoftBank directly.
> To update emergency address information for user (subscriber) numbers in Japan (Provided by SoftBank) please contact SoftBank directly.
> For more information, see [SoftBank Calling for Office 365](https://aka.ms/SoftBankVoicePlan).

## Toll and toll-free numbers for services

|**Feature**|**Details**|
|:-----|:-----|
|What capitals or major cities can you get toll numbers for?  <br/> |Tokyo  <br/> |
|Are toll numbers available?  <br/> |Yes  <br/> |
|Are toll-free numbers available?  <br/> |Yes  <br/> |
   
 If you want to get toll and toll-free phone numbers for Audio Conferencing, Auto attendants, and Call queues, see [Getting service phone numbers for Skype for Business and Microsoft Teams](/microsoftteams/getting-service-phone-numbers).
  
## Communications Credits

|**Feature**|**Details**|
|:-----|:-----|
|Are Communications Credits available?  <br/> |Yes  <br/> |
   
If you want to set them up, see [Set up Communications Credits for your organization](../set-up-communications-credits-for-your-organization.md).
  
## Related topics

[Getting service phone numbers for Skype for Business and Microsoft Teams](/microsoftteams/getting-service-phone-numbers)

[Country and region availability for Audio Conferencing and Calling Plans](country-and-region-availability-for-audio-conferencing-and-calling-plans.md)
